<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_xnm_d2x_kt">
    <title>Strict or general tasks</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-09-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>The DITA specification defines two types of task topics: a strict task and a general
                task. </p>
            <p>The main elements in the body of a strict task must occur in a specific order. The
                strict task can contain only one set of steps. Also, the steps the reader performs
                must use specific elements (&lt;steps> and &lt;step>). </p>
            <p>The element order in the general task is not as rigid as in the strict task. The
                general task allows one or more sets of steps. The elements used for the steps can
                be almost any element that is allowed in a DITA &lt;section> element. </p>
            <p>Although it may sound as though it’s easier to write a general task, there are a
                number of good reasons for using the strict task. These include:</p>
            <ul id="ul_efs_sfx_kt">
                <li>Consistency. All the tasks in your document or documents will have the same
                    organization. </li>
                <li>Dependability. Because the organization is consistent, readers can count on
                    finding the similar information in the same place.</li>
                <li>Ease of authoring. DITA editors can direct writers to the next element they need
                    to add.</li>
                <li>Simplicity. Most tasks only require a numbered set of steps. </li>
                <li>Semantics. Using the &lt;steps> and &lt;step> elements in the strict task has
                    high semantic value.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>This course focuses on the strict task, with the expectation that once you’re
                familiar with the elements in a strict task, it’s easy to apply that knowledge to
                the general task. </p>
            <p>For more information about the general task, see the <xref
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/DITA1.2-spec.html"
                    format="html" scope="external">DITA Specification</xref>, and the <xref
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/steps-informal.html#steps-informal"
                    format="html" scope="external">&lt;steps-informal></xref> element. </p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
