<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="l_t_and_curriculum_development">
    <title>L&amp;T and curriculum development</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-04-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p>The L&amp;T specialization enables you to create learning materials, including content and assessments, right out of the box. </p>
            <p>However, many groups prefer a formalized approach, creating their content after careful planning and analysis. The L&amp;T specialization includes a planning topic type that allows you
                to identify goals, needs, and objectives. The learningGroup and learningObject elements allow you to use planning topic types at many levels of your development. </p>
            <p>In addition, the L&amp;T specialization allows you to create learning objects (objective, content, assessment)</p>
            <!--Not sure this is the best place for the following, but I'll park it here for now.-->
            <p>The Learning and Training specialization defines many, many elements, so that it is quite flexible and can be adapted to many uses. However, transforming the content into materials,
                exams, or e-learning content is entirely up to you. One of the reasons that there is no default plugin in the DITA Open Toolkit for Learning and Training content is that there are so
                many possible output types, it would be hard to pick only a handful. Even if the output types could be narrowed, each output target has its own formatting requirements. </p>
            <p>If you are considering working with the DITA Learning and Training specialization, we strongly recommend that you either hire your own in-house DITA transform staff, or you find a
                consultant who has experience creating the types of output you require. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
