<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="lc_learningAssessment_details">
    <title>The learningAssessment topic type</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-04-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p>The learningAssessment topic type contains exercises, quizzes, or tests. This
                information can be included before learning content as a preliminary test, or after
                content to reiforce content or assess understanding.</p>
            <p>The assessment type includes several interaction types that you can use to present
                questions. The interaction types include true-false, multiple-choice, open question,
                matching, sequence, and hot-spot (which allows the student to click on the
                appropriate area of an image). If these questions are meant for an interactive
                learning environment, it will requirea specific output type as well as a learning
                management system (LMS).</p>
            <p>The main body elemenet is the learningAssessmentbody which can include lcIntro,
                lcObjectives, lcDuration, lcInteraction, section, and lcSummary elements. Questions
                types are included in the lcInteraction element.</p>
            <p>The lesson on writing questions will teach this in more detail.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
