<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="lc_learning_maps">
    <title>Learning Maps</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2018-02-01"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p>Before describing how to create learning objects and learning groups, it’s necessary to introduce two map types that you use to contain learning objects and learning groups.</p>
            <ul id="ul_ptt_gq5_scb">
                <li>The learningObject map type contains a single &lt;learningObject> element. </li>
                <li>The learningGroup map type contains a single &lt;learningGroup> object.  </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Both the learningObject map and learningGroup map are specializations of the base DITA map type. While the content models in the DITA 1.3 Specification indicate you can use many of the
                map elements in these types, the intent is that they should contain a single learning group or learning object element. The specification does allow you to use &lt;topicref> elements
                to reference  keymaps and other supporting content. </p>
            <p>In practical terms, this means is that most transforms and other applications that handle these map types will only expect a single learning group or learning object element. You might
                be able to add additional map elements, but you cannot expect that they will be handled correctly by all processors. </p>
            <p>A learning object map has this structure:</p>
            <pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE learningObjectMap PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Learning Object Map//EN" "learningObjectMap.dtd">
&lt;learningObjectMap>
   &lt;learningObject>
      ...
   &lt;/learningObject>
&lt;/learningObjectMap>
</pre>
            <p>A learning group map has this structure:</p>
            <pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE learningGroupMap PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Learning Group Map//EN" "learningGroupMap.dtd">
&lt;learningGroupMap>
   &lt;learningGroup>
      ...
   &lt;/learningGroup>
&lt;/learningGroupMap></pre>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
