<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="l_t_and_curriculum_development">
    <title>Learning and Training and curriculum development</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-04-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p>The L&amp;T specialization enables you to create learning materials, including
                content and assessments.</p>
            <p>You might prefer a formal approach, creating your content after careful planning and
                analysis. The L&amp;T specialization includes a planning topic type that allows you
                to identify goals, needs, and objectives. The &lt;learningGroup> and
                &lt;learningObject> elements allow you to use planning topic types at many levels of
                your development. </p>
            <!--Not sure this is the best place for the following, but I'll park it here for now.-->
            <p>The L&amp;T specialization provides many elements for instructional content. It does
                not enforce a particular instructional design approach; you can pick and choose the
                elements that you want and adapt the model to your requirements. </p>
            <p>Transforming the content into materials, exams, or e-learning content is entirely up
                to you. While you can use the DITA Open Toolkit to generate a PDF, RTF, and other
                standard formats, there is no default course output type.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
