<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_mkk_gvn_qz">
    <title>The Learning and Training topic types</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external">Alan Pringle, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external">Kaitlyn Heath, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-04-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
            <lcObjectivesGroup id="lcObjectivesGroup_tvl_vbh_1t">
                <lcObjective>Define all of the L&amp;T topic types.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Understand when to use each topic type.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>List basic elements of each topic type.</lcObjective>
            </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcDuration>
            <lcTime value="30 minutes"/>
        </lcDuration>
        <lcIntro/>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_dys_pnf_xz">
            <!--Expand these definitions across the various topic types. -->
            <p>The DITA L&amp;T specialization defines five topic types that contain
                different types of course information:</p>
                <ul id="ul_okl_5nf_xz">
                    <li>&lt;learningPlan> - provides a framework for planning learning content.</li>
                    <li>&lt;learningOverview> - contains overall learning objectives and specifics
                    for a course, such as audience, duration, and prerequisites.</li>
                    <li>&lt;learningContent> - contains the actual learning content. </li>
                    <li>&lt;learningSummary> - contains review materials. </li>
                    <li>&lt;learningAssessment> - contains exercises, quizzes, or tests.</li>
                </ul>
            <p>These topic types describe a wide range of information. Not everyone will use all of
                these topic types. For example, the source content for LearningDITA lessons does not
                use the &lt;learningPlan>, &lt;learningOverview>, or &lt;learningSummary> topic
                types. However, your course development process may require those elements. </p>
            <p>This lesson provides an overview of each topic type. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <related-links>
        <link
            href="https://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part3-all-inclusive/archSpec/learningTraining/learning-and-training-specializations.html#concept_lcz_msx_zl"
            format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>DITA 1.3 Specification, Learning and training specializations</linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="https://www.scriptorium.com/category/learning-content/" format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>Learning and Training blog posts, Scriptorium</linktext>
        </link>
    </related-links>
</learningContent>
    
