<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_nmj_lmt_lt">
    <title>Use substeps appropriately</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-09-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>The DITA &lt;substep> element can be useful, but it should be applied sparingly.</p>
            <p>If you find that you are using substeps extensively or that you have some very long,
                involved substeps, you may want to revisit your task analysis. Consider carefully
                how you divided your major tasks into task topics. It may be that you did not divide
                the major tasks far enough.</p>
            <p>Another clear warning sign that your task analysis is not complete: you are using
                many substeps, but frequently find the need for sub-substeps.</p>
            <p>Substeps should only be used in a handful of situations, such as:</p>
            <ul id="ul_pgk_3nt_lt">
                <li>
                    <p>You encounter a complex step, where readers could benefit from additional
                        details.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Your audience includes some novice readers who might benefit from some
                        additional guidance. Most readers will understand all that the &lt;cmd>
                        element directs them to do, but some less-experienced readers may need to
                        have things spelled out in a little more detail with substeps.</p>
                    <p>Some output types might allow you to hide substeps that provide extra detail
                        until the reader asks for more information.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Procedures in which the steps are not homogeneous. Occasionally you’ll
                        encounter a task where most of the steps require a consistent level of
                        explanation, but one or two steps—although at the same level as the other
                        steps—require much more detail.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Be careful using substeps where the &lt;choice> or &lt;choicetable> element are more
                appropriate.</p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
