<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_fry_knq_bt">
    <title>Plan your tasks</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-09-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>It’s tempting to simply jump into creating tasks, writing until you think you’re
                done. However, this approach risks missing important tasks, resulting in incomplete
                coverage. </p>
            <p>Rather than create tasks as they occur to you, a far better strategy is to plan out
                the set of tasks you need to document. This planning is a four-step process:</p>
            <ol id="ol_hv1_z3t_lt">
                <li>
                    <p>Gather information about the types of things your readers need to do or
                        accomplish.</p>
                    <p>There are a number of different sources you can use for information
                        gathering. These include: product design documents, specifications, audience
                        analysis, and usage scenarios. Interviews with actual users of your product
                        or service can also be a good source.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>From that information, create a list of major tasks readers need to
                        perform.</p>
                    <p>At this point, don’t get too specific. You are concerned with what the reader
                        needs to accomplish, not how they're going to do it. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Divide the major tasks into subtasks. These subtasks will be your DITA task
                        topics. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Have the entire list of tasks reviewed by all stakeholders.</p>
                    <p>This step is important, because the more contributors you have, the less the
                        chance of missing an important task.</p>
                </li>
            </ol>
            <p>You can use your finalized list of tasks as a resource to determine the concept and
                reference topics you need to create. </p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
