<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_xyj_ddc_bt">
    <title>Giving the reader choices</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-14"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>As part of giving a reader an instruction, there may be more than one option for the
                reader. For example, when using an auto stereo system, the reader has the choice of
                which mode to use (AM, FM, CD, line-in, and so on). </p>
            <p>To present this information, and to give it a semantically appropriate label, you can
                use the &lt;choices> or &lt;choicetable> elements. </p>
            <ul id="ul_nsn_tqx_kt">
                <li>
                    <p>Use &lt;choices> when the choices only require a brief description.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Use &lt;choicetable> (detailed later in this course) when you need to provide
                        specific keywords, along with an extended description of each. </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>The &lt;choices> element is usually presented as a bulleted list. The structure of
                the &lt;choices> element is like a &lt;ul> element: </p>
            <simpletable frame="all" relcolwidth="1.0* 1.0*" id="simpletable_mdl_bsw_mt">
                <sthead>
                    <stentry>&lt;ul> element</stentry>
                    <stentry>&lt;choices> element</stentry>
                </sthead>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <pre>&lt;ul&gt;
   &lt;li&gt;one thing&lt;/li&gt;
   &lt;li&gt;another thing&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;</pre>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <pre>&lt;choices&gt;
   &lt;choice&gt;one thing&lt;/choice&gt;
   &lt;choice&gt;another thing&lt;/choice&gt;
&lt;/choices&gt;</pre>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <p>The &lt;choices> element contains one or more &lt;choice> elements. Each &lt;choice>
                element presents one of the options for the reader. The content of the &lt;choice>
                element is any element that can be used inside an &lt;li> element.</p>
          
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_pcm_2dc_bt">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_qjd_3fc_bt">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Continue working in the file l_task_start.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <!--<note>These steps resume the example that runs continuously through this course. In the first step here the complete task topic is shown; in subsequent steps, only the elements central to the discussion will be shown. </note>-->
                    <cmd>After the closing tag of the first &lt;step> element, add a new &lt;step>
                        element. Inside the &lt;step>, create a &lt;cmd> element (if one isn’t
                        created for you). Add the content shown here to the &lt;cmd> element:</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   ...
         &lt;/step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">         &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>Pick a field guide to identify the ducks.&lt;/cmd>
         &lt;/step>
</ph>      &lt;/steps>
   &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step id="step_dd4_244_ft">
                    <cmd>After the new &lt;cmd> element, add a &lt;choices> element. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;step>
   &lt;cmd>Pick a field guide to identify the ducks.&lt;/cmd><ph outputclass="newchanged">
   &lt;choices>
   &lt;/choices></ph>
&lt;/step>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step id="step_ed4_244_ft">
                    <cmd>If your editor does not automatically add a first &lt;choice> element
                        inside the &lt;choices> element, add one now.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;step>
   &lt;cmd>Pick a field guide to identify the ducks.&lt;/cmd>
   &lt;choices>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">      &lt;choice>Many modern duck watchers rely on the Sibley guide&lt;/choice>
</ph>   &lt;/choices>
&lt;/step>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>By default, most DITA output generators render a &lt;choices> element as a
                        bulleted list.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add an additional &lt;choice> element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;step>
   &lt;cmd>Pick a field guide to identify the ducks.&lt;/cmd>
   &lt;choices>
      &lt;choice>Many modern duck watchers rely on the Sibley guide&lt;/choice>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">      &lt;choice>A traditional favorite is the Peterson guide&lt;/choice>
</ph>   &lt;/choices>
&lt;/step>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
