<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    <title>Adding introductory elements to a task topic</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The &lt;prereq> (prerequisite) and &lt;context> elements are optional elements that
                introduce the instructional content in a task topic.</p>
            <p>The &lt;prereq> element describes what the reader needs before performing the task,
                which can include:</p>
            <ul id="ul_glj_1pb_bt">
                <li>Things the reader must have, such as binoculars or a smartphone with a bird
                    identification app </li>
                <li>Information the reader must have, such as knowledge of migratory patterns</li>
                <li>Previous tasks the reader must have accomplished, such as completing a basic
                    duck identification course</li>
            </ul>
            <p>The &lt;context> element provides background information about the task, such as the
                purpose of the task and what the reader will gain. The &lt;context> element content
                should be relatively brief; if you need to provide more detailed background
                information, consider creating a concept topic. </p>
            <p>Although &lt;prereq&gt; and &lt;context&gt; are optional, they occur in order—the
                &lt;prereq> element must go before the &lt;context> element.</p>
            <p><xref href="https://youtu.be/Bhaeafcemis" format="html" scope="external">Video:
                    Strict sequence of introductory elements in a DITA Task</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Continue working in the file l_task_start.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;taskbody> element, add a &lt;prereq> element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp><pre>&lt;taskbody>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;prereq>
         &lt;p>Before you go watching wild ducks, make sure you know what a wild duck looks like.&lt;/p>
   &lt;/prereq></ph>

&lt;/taskbody></pre></stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;prereq> element, add a &lt;context> element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;taskbody>
   ...
   &lt;/prereq>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;context>
      &lt;p>Watching wild ducks can be calming and recreational. &lt;/p>
      &lt;p>Read this to learn more about what you need to have a satisfying duck-watching
         experience.&lt;/p>
   &lt;/context></ph>

&lt;/taskbody></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your task now has a title, a set of prerequisites, and a context. The next
                lesson covers how to add steps to the task. </result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_ynz_fgy_3t">
        <title>Exercise</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_r11_1kx_dt">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file lesson1/l_new_task_exercise_start.dita and use it to convert
                        the following content from <xref href="http://contentstrategy101.com/"
                            format="html" scope="external">Content Strategy 101</xref> into
                        DITA:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre outputclass="passthru"><![CDATA[
<hr />
<h3>Creating a business case for your content strategy</h3>
<p><strong>Before you begin:</strong> Thoroughly assess your content and content development process so that you can understand the gap between the strategy you need and the strategy currently in place.</p>
<p><strong>About this task:</strong> These instructions will show you how to develop a business case that you can use to show that your company needs a new content strategy.</p>
<p>You may find that your company could save money on content production in the following areas:</p>
<ul>
<li>Automation</li>
<li>Reuse</li>
<li>Localization</li>
</ul> 
<hr />
]]></pre>
                    </info>
                    <info/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Check your file lesson1/l_new_task_exercise_start.dita against the sample
                        file lesson1/l_new_task_exercise.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
