<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kw5_5ls_zs">
    <title>First steps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-13"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The basic elements involved in creating a set of steps include the &lt;steps>,
                &lt;step>, &lt;cmd>, and &lt;info> elements.</p>
            <simpletable frame="all" relcolwidth="1.0* 1.0*" id="simpletable_i4k_dm4_2t">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>&lt;steps></p>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>The container element for a series of step-by-step instructions.</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>&lt;step></p>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>The container element for each step in the &lt;steps> element. The
                            &lt;steps> element can contain one or more &lt;step> elements.</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>&lt;cmd></p>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>The container element for the command, or text instructing the user what
                            to do, in a &lt;step> element. Each &lt;step> element can contain
                            exactly one &lt;cmd> element.</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>&lt;info></p>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>The container element for additional information about a step. The
                            &lt;info> element must go inside the &lt;step> element after the
                            &lt;cmd> element. Each &lt;step> element can contain one or more
                            &lt;info> elements (or none at all, as the &lt;info> element is
                            optional).</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_a2s_dvs_zs">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_urj_vdy_zs">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Continue working in the file l_task_start.dita.</cmd>
                    <info><xref href="https://youtu.be/Szfp056HCK0" format="html" scope="external"
                            >Video: Adding steps to a DITA task</xref></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the closing tag of the &lt;context> element, add a &lt;steps>
                        element. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   ...
      &lt;/context>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">      &lt;steps>
      &lt;/steps></ph>
   &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>As with the &lt;prereq> and &lt;context> elements, the &lt;taskbody> can
                            contain only one &lt;steps> element. Restricting you to a single
                            &lt;steps> element helps ensure that the topic only describes how to
                            perform one task.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;steps> element, add a &lt;step> element. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">         &lt;step>
         &lt;/step></ph>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The &lt;steps> element must contain at least one &lt;step> element. Most
                            DITA-aware editors automatically add a first &lt;step> element inside
                            the &lt;steps> element. </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <stepsection>
                    <p>In DITA, the content of each individual step is also highly controlled; each
                        step has a specific set of elements, which must occur in a specific order.
                        The action the user is to perform is contained in a &lt;cmd> element (read
                        as “command”), which is a required element in &lt;step>. In most cases,
                        &lt;cmd> contains a single sentence, which is a direct instruction to the
                        reader to perform an action.</p>
                </stepsection>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;step> element, add a &lt;cmd> element with the text shown
                        here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;cmd>Choose a location to watch ducks.&lt;/cmd></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>As a best practice, the &lt;cmd> element should be limited to a single
                            sentence, in active voice, that directs the user to perform an action.
                            To provide additional information about the &lt;cmd> element, use the
                            &lt;info> element (discussed in the next step). </p>
                        <p>Because &lt;step> must contain exactly one &lt;cmd> element, most
                            DITA-aware editors add the &lt;cmd> element when they add the &lt;step>
                            element. </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <stepsection>To provide additional information about the step direction contained in
                    the &lt;cmd> element, use the &lt;info> element. You can use any number of
                    &lt;info> elements after the &lt;cmd> element, and before the &lt;stepresult>
                    element. </stepsection>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;cmd> element, add an &lt;info> element, with the text shown
                        here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>Choose a location to watch ducks.&lt;/cmd>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;info>&lt;p>Generally, ducks are found in wild locations, near water.&lt;/p>&lt;/info></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The &lt;info> element can contain text, notes, images, tables and so on.
                            As with other elements that can contain mixed content, best practices
                            dictate that you should use a &lt;p> element to wrap text, even if the
                            &lt;info> element only contains one paragraph.</p>
                        <p>The remaining topics in this lesson introduce additional elements you can
                            use to further document the step. </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
