<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kqs_rks_zs">
    <title>Creating the steps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
            <lcObjectivesGroup id="lcObjectivesGroup_e2g_sks_zs">
                <lcObjective>Identify the core elements found in a step.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Add a &lt;steps> element to the task</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Add &lt;step> elements to the &lt;steps>, using &lt;cmd> and &lt;info>
                    to provide additional information. </lcObjective>
            </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcDuration>
            <lcTime value="1"/>
        </lcDuration>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The core part of a task is the set of steps that the user is to perform. </p>
            <p>In DITA task topics, the procedure the reader is to perform is contained in a
                &lt;steps> element; the individual steps in that procedure are contained in
                &lt;step> elements. </p>
            <p>When output is generated from the task topic, the steps usually take the form of a
                numbered list. The actual text that is used to identify each step (whether it’s
                simply the number and some punctuation, or the word “Step” followed by a number) is
                up to the transform implementation. When you're authoring a step, most DITA editors
                will display step numbers beside each step.</p>
            <p>DITA also allows you to create an unordered list for the steps, with the
                &lt;steps-unordered> element. For more information about this element, see the <xref
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/DITA1.2-spec.html"
                    format="html" scope="external">DITA Specification</xref>. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <related-links/>
</learningContent>
