<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_adp_jbk_bt">
    <title>Interrupting the flow</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>There are two elements you can use for additional information between &lt;step>
                elements, and before the &lt;cmd> element. </p>
            <ul id="ul_u43_qbk_bt">
                <li>
                    <p>The &lt;stepsection> element allows you to add comments between two steps.
                        This can be useful if you need to make a comment to the reader about the
                        steps themselves, such as “The remaining steps focus on the the <i>x</i>
                        component” or “The next two steps must be performed in a <i>y</i>
                        environment.”</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>You can use a &lt;note> or &lt;hazardstatement> element before a &lt;cmd>
                        element in a &lt;step> or &lt;substep>. Typically, you use this when you
                        need to alert readers about a risk or danger <i>before</i> they read or
                        perform the &lt;cmd> action. </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_t31_jck_bt">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_jnb_kck_bt">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Continue working in the file l_task_start.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the closing tag of the last &lt;step> element, add a &lt;stepsection>
                        element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
&lt;/step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;stepsection>
&lt;/stepsection></ph>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add content to the &lt;stepsection> element as shown here. </cmd>
                    <info>The text should be wrapped in a &lt;p> element according to best
                        practice.</info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
&lt;stepsection>
   <ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;p>Once you’ve identified the duck, you can spend some time noting its behavior.&lt;/p>
&lt;/stepsection></ph>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the closing tag of the &lt;stepsection> element, add a &lt;step>
                        element with a &lt;note> element inside it containing the text shown
                        here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
&lt;/stepsection>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;step>
&lt;note>Don't disturb the ducks while observing their behavior; they behave differently when humans are present.&lt;/note>
&lt;/step></ph></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the closing tag of the &lt;note> element, add the &lt;cmd> element
                        and add content to it as shown here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
&lt;/note>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;cmd>Watch how the ducks interact with one another, what they’re eating, or how and when they preen.&lt;/cmd></ph>
&lt;/step></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_ynz_fgy_3t">
        <title>Exercise</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_r11_1kx_dt">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file lesson2/l_task_steps_exercise_start.dita and use it to
                        convert the following content from <xref
                            href="http://contentstrategy101.com/" format="html" scope="external"
                            >Content Strategy 101</xref> into DITA:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre outputclass="passthru"><![CDATA[
<hr />
<h3>Developing and implementing a content strategy</h3>
<p><strong><em>Create a content strategy.</em></strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Identify and interview stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Note:</strong>Develop a business case that you can use to define what will make your project successful.
    <p>Establish implementation goals and metrics.</p></li>                            
<li>Define roles and responsibilities.
    <p><strong>Example:</strong></p>
    <ul>
        <li>Education</li>
        <li>Development</li>
        <li>Review</li>
        <li>Approval</li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Establish timeline and milestones.
    <p><strong><em>Implement your content strategy.</em></strong></li>
<li>Build the content creation system.</li>
<li>Convert legacy content.
    <p><strong>Choose from:</strong></p>
    <ul>
        <li>Convert everything into the new system</li>
        <li>Identify high-priority content and convert it</li>
        <li>Just-in-time conversion</li>
        <li>Assess for conversion</li>
        <li>Convert nothing</li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Deliver content
     <table class="simpletable" border="1" summary="" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="4">
     <tbody>
     <tr class="strow">
     <td class="stentry" valign="top" width="50%"><strong>Delivery method</strong></td>
     <td class="stentry" valign="top" width="50%"><strong>Benefits</strong></td>
     </tr>
     <tr class="strow">
     <td class="stentry" valign="top"><em>PDF</em></td>
     <td class="stentry" valign="top">Visual design, option to print</td>
     </tr>
     <tr class="strow">
     <td class="stentry" valign="top"><em>HTML</em></td>
     <td class="stentry" valign="top">Accessibility, interactivity, responsive design</td>
     </tr>
     <tr class="strow">
     <td class="stentry" valign="top"><em>EPUB</em></td>
     <td class="stentry">Electronic content when Internet access is unavailable</td>
     </tr>
     </tbody>
     </table>
 </li>
 <li>Capture project knowledge.
    <ol>
        <li>Document your content model, specifications, and best practices.</li>
        <li>Provide training to authors on writing in the new environment.</li>
        <li>Provide training to staff on maintaining the new system.</li>
    </ol>
 </li>
 <li>Ensure long-term success.
     <p><strong>Result:</strong></p>
     <p>You can tick off the items you listed at the beginning of the project as accomplishments now.</p>
 </li>
<hr />]]></pre>
                    </info>
                    <info/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Check your file lesson2/l_task_steps_exercise_start.dita against the sample
                        file lesson2/l_task_steps_exercise.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
