<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningTreeContent.dtd">
<learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="lt-content-4677" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic concept)                             (topic reference)                             (topic task)                             (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent "><title class="- topic/title ">Reusing sentences</title>
   <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
      <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen</author>
      <critdates>
         <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
      </critdates>
   </prolog><learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody ">
      <lcInstruction>
         <p>Reusing sentences is probably not a good idea.</p>
         <draft-comment author="simonbate">Bill thinks this topic is not a good
            idea.</draft-comment>
         <p class="- topic/p ">It’s possible to reuse independent sentences. (Are you thinking <q
               class="- topic/q ">in the same context</q>?) But it still might not be a good idea
            for translated content. If you decide to do it anyway, there are some details that
            you’ll need to get right.&#160;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Here’s the problem for translation: The order of sentences that feels
            natural in one language is not necessarily an order that feels right in another
            language. Translators might reorder the sentences in your paragraph to achieve a more
            natural flow in the target language. Occasionally, they might even add a sentence or
            two. As you can imagine, putting reused sentences into a paragraph can make it much more
            difficult - if not impossible - to arrange the sentences in a way that will make the
            most sense to the reader of translated content. The same principle applies if you’re
            using conditional filtering to choose which sentences are included in a paragraph.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">If you do decide to go ahead and reuse sentences within paragraphs,
            you should work out some conventions about how punctuation and spaces will be reused.
            Think through all of the possible combinations to be sure that in every case the
            punctuation and spacing will be
            correct.<?ezd-review-start 5ab64245-823f-48e4-9ccf-695648daa525:comment:mike.rice@easydita.com?><?ezd-review-end 5ab64245-823f-48e4-9ccf-695648daa525?></p>
      </lcInstruction></learningContentbody>
   <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
      <title>Practice</title>
      <taskbody/>
   </task>
   <task id="task_jz4_n5y_dw">
      <title>Exercise</title>
      <taskbody/>
   </task></learningContent>
