<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_il4_bwz_vr">
    <title>Markup languages</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com"  scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
     
       <lcInstruction>
            <p>A markup language is a way of tagging content in a plain text file (a file you might
                edit with Windows Notepad). The markup language you might be most familiar with is
                HTML, which is the fundamental markup language for the world wide web. </p>
            <p>DITA is built on the XML markup language. XML looks a lot like HTML. They both use
                angle brackets (&lt; and >) to identify the markup tags (for example &lt;title>). In
                both languages a forward slash identifies a close tag (&lt;/title>)</p>
            <pre>&lt;title>This is a title&lt;/title></pre>
            <p> In HTML and in XML, the tags can also have attributes (in the form
                    <tt>attribute="value"</tt>) that provide further information about the tag:</p>
            <pre>&lt;note type="warning">Keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times.&lt;/note></pre>
            <p>There are two main differences between HTML and XML:</p>
            <ul id="ul_mst_hvg_rs">
                <li>HTML can be quite forgiving when you forget to close tags or put quotation marks
                    around attribute values; XML is strict in requiring them.</li>
                <li>HTML uses a predefined set of tags (&lt;body>, &lt;p>, &lt;span>, and so on). In
                    XML the tags are defined in a separate file and can be changed and added to by
                    an information architect. </li>
            </ul>
            <p>DITA uses this tag naming feature in XML to define its own set of tag names or
                “elements”. The DITA elements allow you to mark up content using names for things
                that make sense, such as  &lt;note> for notes, &lt;section> for sections, &lt;image>
                for images, and so on. However, because many HTML tag names make sense, their names
                are also used for DITA elements, such as &lt;p> for paragraph, and &lt;ul> and
                &lt;ol> for unordered and ordered lists. </p>
            <p>One other difference in naming: in HTML, the outer-most or “root” tag is &lt;html>.
                In DITA, the name of the root tag depends on the type of topic you're creating, such
                as &lt;concept>, &lt;task>, or &lt;reference> (among others). </p>
            <note>It’s useful to know how the markup looks in XML and DITA. However much of the time
                you'll be creating DITA content using smart authoring tools that handle the
                individual tags and attributes for you. </note>
            <!--<p>The most commonly used markup language is HTML. XML is similar to HTML. It also uses angle brackets to indicate elements (like &lt;p>). Many of the tags in DITA XML are also found in HTML.</p><p>In XML, you must be careful to open and close all tags properly. HTML is forgiving when you make mistakes. XML requires you to provide a file that is tagged correctly. If you make any error in the encoding, parsing stops. This is known as draconian error handling, and it is a controversial part of the XML specification.</p><p>DITA is a markup language and is a flavor of XML. DITA allows you to mark up content semantically. The tag markup tells the author about the meaning of the markup.</p>-->
       <p>Video: <xref href="https://youtu.be/1cYP5six9ww" format="html" scope="external">Overview
                    of HTML markup versus DITA markup</xref></p>
           
        </lcInstruction>
        
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
