<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_pnc_2vz_vr">
 <title>Style guidelines</title>
 <prolog>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Alan Pringle, Scriptorium</author>
   <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
   <critdates>
 <created date="2015-04-28"/>
      <revised modified="2015-08-14"/>
</critdates>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Topics are generally either learningContent or learningAssessment.</p>
  <p>In the topic prolog, include an author credit if you create a topic or significantly add to an
   existing topic. You can also include a web link to your
   site:<codeblock>&lt;prolog>
  &lt;author>Sharon Burton&lt;/author>
  &lt;author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-28"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
&lt;/prolog></codeblock></p>
  <p>If you add to an existing topic, keep the original contributor at the top of the list and add
   your name in a separate author element.</p>
  <p>Include a &lt;created> element or add a &lt;revised> element with the appropriate date. Use
   YYYY-MM-DD format for the date.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Learning module structure</title>
   <p>Each module should have a container topic, which provides the following:<ul id="ul_jn1_rwz_vr">
     <li>A list of objectives for the module, using
      lcObjectives:<codeblock> &lt;lcObjectives>
   &lt;lcObjectivesGroup>
    &lt;lcObjective>What kind of topics exist in DITA&lt;/lcObjective>
    &lt;lcObjective>What information goes in different types of topics&lt;/lcObjective>
    &lt;lcObjective>What are constraints and specialization?&lt;/lcObjective>
   &lt;/lcObjectivesGroup>
  &lt;/lcObjectives></codeblock></li>
     <li>An estimated duration for the module, using lcDuration (provide a value in
      minutes):<codeblock>&lt;lcDuration>
  &lt;lcTime value="30"/>
&lt;/lcDuration></codeblock></li>
     <li>An overview of the module, using &lt;lcIntro></li>
     <li>A list of additional reading resources, using &lt;related-links>. Be sure to code external
            web links with the appropriate format (usually html or pdf) and scope
            (external):<codeblock>&lt;link href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/styleguide/webhelp-feedback/#Artefact/c_Syntax_and_Markup.html" 
      format="html"
      scope="external">
   &lt;linktext>DITA Style Guide, Chapter 3, Syntax and Markup&lt;/linktext>
&lt;/link></codeblock></li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Inside the overview container, provide learningContent topics with the module components
    (lessons).</p>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Task structure</title>
      <p>To create a task that directs a student to perform an exercise, use the learningContent
        topic type. If you need to provide introductory text to the exercise, you can add it to the
        &lt;learningContentbody>. The task itself should be a nested topic after the
        &lt;learningContentbody>. </p>
      <p>Because of restrictions in the DITA 1.2 learningContent model, the task can only contain
        element allows by the learningContent topic type. Thus, any code examples must use &lt;pre>,
        rather than &lt;codeblock>. </p>
      <p>To highlight changes introduced in the &lt;pre> element, use &lt;ph
        outputclass="newchanged"> around the new or changed information.  </p>
    </section>
  <section>
      <title>Assessment structure</title>
      <p>Assessments (test questions) come after the learning content in each module. In most cases
        you can use the shared file <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath> that introduces the
        questions in the LMS. If necessary (for example, if there are special instructions about the
        lesson's assessment), you can create an introduction topic of your own.</p>
      <p>If you're using the shared introduction, create a &lt;topicref> pointing to the file
          <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath>, then use the copy-to attribute to specify a
        filename (starting with <filepath>lcc_assess_</filepath>), that uniquely identifies the
        copy. Add a &lt;navtitle> element that provides a lesson-specific title for the assessments
        introduction. </p>
      <codeblock>&lt;map>
 &lt;title>Basic DITA&lt;/title>
 &lt;topicmeta>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-23"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
 &lt;/topicmeta>
 &lt;topicref href="topics/lc_dita_intro.dita">
  &lt;topicref href="topics/lc_markup.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="topics/lc_structure.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="topics/lc_topic.dita"/>
  
  <b>&lt;topicref href="../topics/lcc_assessment.dita" copy-to="lcc_assess_basic.dita" locktitle="yes">
    &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;navtitle>Assessment for What is DITA?&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;/topicmeta>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_validtopic.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_topicscope.dita"/>
    ...
  &lt;/topicref></b>
 &lt;/topicref>
 
...
  
 &lt;/map>
</codeblock>
      <p>Each assessment question goes into its own learningAssessment topic. Do not include title
        text in assessment topics. Each assessment requires a unique ID for the question type
        (lcSingleSelect in the following sample). This is not the same as the ID of the
        learningAssessment topic itself. </p>
      <codeblock>&lt;learningAssessment id="assessment_htp_t21_wr">
 &lt;title>&lt;/title>
 &lt;prolog>
  &lt;author>Sharon Burton&lt;/author>
  &lt;author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-28"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
 &lt;/prolog>
 &lt;learningAssessmentbody>
  &lt;lcInteraction>&lt;lcSingleSelect <b>id="topics3"</b>>
   &lt;lcQuestion>When creating a concept topic, you will often:&lt;/lcQuestion>
   &lt;lcAnswerOptionGroup>
   ...
   &lt;/lcAnswerOptionGroup>
  &lt;/lcSingleSelect>
  &lt;/lcInteraction>
 &lt;/learningAssessmentbody>
&lt;/learningAssessment></codeblock>
      <p>Make sure you do not overlap with other IDs in the modules. Consider a unique ID prefix for
        your learning assessment content (for example, your initials or something related to the
        content you are developing).</p>
      <p>The current LMS (LearnDashLMS) does not support feedback at the answer option level
        (lcAnswerOption/lcFeedback). However, LearnDashLMS does support correct and incorrect
        feedback at the question level, so rather than using lcFeedback, use
        lcFeedbackIncorrect.</p>
    </section>
  <section>
   <title>File structure and naming conventions</title>
   <p>The DITA training project is divided into subfolders:<ul id="ul_fw2_dxz_vr">
     <li>topics: for most content</li>
     <li>assessments: for quizzes, test, and other assessment content</li>
     <li>maps: map files for learning modules</li>
     <li>media: for images, videos, and other non-text content</li>
          <li>resources: for example files or sources for screen shots.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>The master map file, which references the map files for modules, is at the course-folder
        level.</p>
   <p>Use the following file name prefixes:<ul id="ul_i3h_dkb_wr">
     <li>m_ for map files</li>
     <li>lc_ for learning content</li>
     <li>lca_ for learning assessments</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage</title>
      <p>When referring to an element always say the “&lt;foo> element”. If you need to form a
        plural or possessive, do it on the word “element”. This helps steer clear of confusing
        constructions such as “&lt;step>s” or “&lt;step>’s”.</p>
    </section>
  <section>
   <title>Standards for terms and other inline styling</title>
   <p>When referring to elements use angle brackets around the element and add the word “element”.
        For example: “This table is built using a &lt;simpletable> element.” When refering to
        elements in plural, always use the singular element in angle brackets, followed by the
        plural “elements”. For example, “Each row can contain one or more &lt;stentry> elements”</p>
   <p>When referring to attributes, use the word “attribute”. Do not use an at-sign (@) before an
    attribute name; this is an XPath convention and means nothing to those learning DITA. </p>
      <p>Use the proper apostrophe (’, U+2019) and quotation marks (“ and ”, U+201C and U+201D).
        From the Macintosh keyboard, you can enter these with Option+}, Option+[ and Option+{. For
        Windows, it’s probably a good idea to create an Oxygen code template, which you can
        optionally associate with a keystroke.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Standards for images and video</title>
   <p>TBD.</p>
   <p>As a general rule, use web-friendly formats, such as PNG or GIF for images. The easiest way to
    provide videos is to post them on YouTube and link to the YouTube video using the object
    tag.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langRef-learningTraining.html"
   format="html" scope="external">
   <linktext>Learning and training elements in the DITA 1.2 specification</linktext>
  </link>
  <link href="http://oxygenxml.com/doc/m/dita1.2_spec/archSpec-learningTraining.html"
   scope="external" format="html">
   <linktext>Architectural specification for learning and training elements (oXygen WebHelp
    version)</linktext>
  </link>
 </related-links>
</concept>
