<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Installing Java</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor">Ashley Stant</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Bill Swallow, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-27" date="2017-02-06"/>
            <revised modified="2024-04-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The DITA OT requires Java. The DITA Open Toolkit website includes the minimum Java
                requirements for each version of the DITA OT.</p>
            <p>When you try to generate output, the DITA OT will alert you if your system does not
                meet the Java requirements. For the DITA OT, you will most likely need to download
                the Java Development Kit (JDK). </p>
            <p>On Windows, you may see the following error message if you try to run the DITA OT
                when Java has not been installed on your system:</p>
            <p>
                <pre>“java.exe” is not recognized as an internal or external command, 
operable program or batch file.</pre>
            </p>
            <p>On Mac, a pop-up window may appear indicating that you need a different version of
                Java and providing a link where you can download the correct version.</p>
            <p>Follow the instructions below to ensure that your version of the JDK is up to date.
                Separate instructions are provided for Windows and Mac users.</p>
            <p><xref href="https://youtu.be/pw_6yw4rDzU" format="html" scope="external">Video:
                Installing Java</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_igy_wd5_xy">
        <title>Installing Java</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_a4w_xvc_3z"><b>Installing Java on Windows</b></context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Download and install the latest version of the Java Development Kit (JDK)
                        from the Oracle website (<xref
                            href="https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/"
                            format="html" scope="external"/>).
                            <!-- [2024-04-24 AAB] Updated URL. -->
                    </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>At the time of this course’s release, the latest version of the JDK
                            was version 8.</note>
                        <draft-comment author="aab">TO DO: update Java version</draft-comment>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open File Explorer, right-click on This PC, and then click on Properties. A
                        new window will open.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on the Advanced System Settings link in the left column of the new
                        window. Another window will open.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on the Environment Variables button found in the lower right of the
                        new window.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Find JAVA_HOME under the System Variables panel, and make sure that the
                        value points to the directory where the JDK is installed. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <postreq id="postreq_wbw_zp2_3z">If JAVA_HOME does not exist, or exists but does not
                display the correct location, click New. Enter <tt>JAVA_HOME</tt> under Variable
                name. Enter the location of the JDK (for example, <b>C:/Program
                    Files/Java/[jdk_folder_name]</b>) under Variable value.</postreq>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_nyf_yd5_xy">
        <title>Installing Java</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_hby_zvc_3z"><b>Installing Java on Mac</b></context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Download and install the latest version of the Java Development Kit (JDK)
                        from the Oracle website (<xref
                            href="https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/"
                            format="html" scope="external"/>).
                        <!-- [2024-04-24 AAB] Updated URL. -->
                    </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>At the time of this course’s release, the latest version of the JDK
                            was version 8.</note>
                        <draft-comment author="aab">TO DO: update Java version</draft-comment>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on Accept License Agreement when asked. A popup will appear if you’ve
                        clicked Download without selecting Accept.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Under the download column select the Java link that is specific to your
                        system. Mac users choose MAC OS X.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>A .dmg file will begin downloading.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Once the download is complete, click on the icon in your downloads
                        folder.</cmd>
                    <info>A window will appear with instructions.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Double click on the icon.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on Install, Run, or equivalent.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
