<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_f1w_yh1_sg">
 <title>“Collaboration” ≠ “content free-for-all”</title>
 
 <conbody>
 
  <p><indexterm>content<indexterm>silo</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>silo,
        content</indexterm><indexterm>limitations on
          collaboration</indexterm><indexterm>collaboration<indexterm>limitations</indexterm></indexterm>It’s
      true that the tech comm and marketing staff usually have above-average writing skills. But
      isolating content in a protected silo is not the answer. The “unwashed masses” may be less
      skilled than the writers at crafting euphonious<fn>This extra-snooty word accurately reflects
        the attitude of many writers toward their non-writer colleagues.</fn> sentences, but they
      have useful information to contribute.</p>
  <p>Collaboration doesn’t necessarily mean that anyone with access to a keyboard should be able to
      create, modify, or release content. Content collaboration can be managed. For example, a
      collaboration system can:</p>
  <ul id="ul_3kg_341_sg">
   <li><indexterm>collaboration<indexterm>considerations</indexterm></indexterm><i>Codify review
     cycles.</i> Send out notifications that request input on content within a specific timeframe.
    Track whether reviewers have offered input as requested.</li>
   <li><i>Enable levels of access.</i> Determine whether a particular employee can review, edit,
    create, and distribute information.</li>
   <li><i>Manage the approval and release of content.</i> Include mechanisms that indicate when
    content was approved, who approved it, and when it was released to end users (internal or
    external). </li>
  </ul>
  <p>A functioning collaboration system allows the organization to manage contributions from writers
      with deep technical knowledge—even if their writing skills are relatively weak.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
