<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_myj_5xs_kf">
 <title>Better technical information, fewer support calls</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><indexterm>content<indexterm>reducing support
    calls</indexterm></indexterm>Better content results in fewer calls because users find the
   information before picking up the phone. You can evaluate the cost of producing and distributing
   technical content against the cost of providing technical support. For large organizations, which
   may receive thousands or tens of thousands of technical support calls per day, reducing calls by
   just one or two percentage points results in huge cost savings.</p>
  <p>If you are considering a strategy based on call deflection, consider how a typical user
   attempts to solve a technical problem. Typically, they will:</p>
  <p>
   <ol id="ul_rb1_cdx_lf">
    <li>Ask a friend</li>
    <li>Use Google</li>
    <li>Call technical support</li>
   </ol>
  </p>
  <p>You have two opportunities to interrupt this process; the first one is when the user asks a
   friend. If the friend has the relevant knowledge, the user gets the needed information.
    <indexterm>Baker,
     Mark</indexterm><indexterm>mavens</indexterm><indexterm>information<indexterm>mavens</indexterm></indexterm>Mark
   Baker writes in “Why documentation analytics may mislead”:<fn>Every Page is Page One blog (<xref
     href="http://everypageispageone.com/2011/12/07/why-analytics-may-mislead/" format="html"
     scope="external">everypageispageone.com/2011/12/07/why-analytics-may-mislead/</xref>)</fn></p><lq>Much of the information that
    originates from your manual, then, may reach the user not through their direct reading of that
    manual, but via a network of mavens.</lq>
  <p>Baker goes on to explain that raw web site hits are less important than reaching the right
   people. In a group of 50 people, there might be one or two mavens. Mavens will disseminate
   information to the other 48&#160;people. Thus, ensuring that the product mavens have the information
   that they need will potentially provide “ask a friend” support to the group that relies on those
   mavens.</p>
  <p>There are a variety of ways to cultivate and support mavens. The company might provide:</p>
  <p>
   <ul id="ul_mxt_rxq_mf">
    <li><indexterm>beta testers</indexterm><indexterm>product<indexterm>access,
      early</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>early product access</indexterm>Early product access
     (beta testers)</li>
    <li><indexterm>premium technical support</indexterm><indexterm>technical
       support<indexterm>premium</indexterm></indexterm>Premium technical support (mavens might be
     permitted to skip past level 1 support and go directly to more experienced agents)</li>
    <li><indexterm>forum</indexterm>Discussion forums</li>
    <li><indexterm>recognition as product expert</indexterm><indexterm>product<indexterm>expert
       designation</indexterm></indexterm>Recognition as a product expert (examples of this include
     the Microsoft MVP and Adobe Community Expert programs)</li>
    <li><indexterm>product<indexterm>update</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>update,
      product</indexterm>Product updates with links to useful resources</li>
   </ul>
  </p>
  <p>The better the information that the mavens have, the more information they can provide to their
   network.</p>
  <p>The second pillar of support is Internet search, especially <indexterm>Google</indexterm>Google
      search. Unless there is a compelling reason not to do so, technical content should be
      available on the Internet. Otherwise, when users search the Internet (and they will), your
      content will not show up. Examples of “compelling reasons” include the following:</p>
  <p>
   <ul id="ul_l5j_csy_mf">
    <li>The information is classified (secret government information).</li>
    <li>The information is export-controlled or sensitive (information about encryption protocols or
     maintenance instructions for a nuclear power plant).</li>
   </ul>
  </p>
  <p><indexterm>proprietary<indexterm>information</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>information<indexterm>proprietary</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>content<indexterm>proprietary</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>information<indexterm>available
     for public search</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>content<indexterm>available for public
     search</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>public search vs. proprietary
     information</indexterm><indexterm>search<indexterm>public vs. proprietary
     information</indexterm></indexterm>The argument that technical content contains proprietary
   competitive information must be balanced against the following issues:</p>
  <p>
   <ul id="ul_lnw_fty_mf">
    <li>Competitors will find a way to get the information, perhaps by simply buying the
     product.</li>
    <li>Requiring user authentication to see the information greatly cuts down on the number of
          customers who will look at the information.</li>
    <li>What is the cost of not making the information available via search? How many people will
      <i>not</i> log in to the corporate site to find the information, and will instead contact
     technical support?</li>
   </ul>
  </p>
  <p><indexterm>web, private site</indexterm><indexterm>private web site</indexterm>If you cannot
   bring yourself to publish the content where Google and other search engines will find it, you
   should still publish on a private web site and provide access credentials as appropriate to your
   customers. At that point, the responsibility for providing an excellent search experience shifts
   to your web site manager.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
