<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Analyzing content for reuse</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>An analysis of your content can help you decide whether you can benefit from reuse.
                Evaluate your content for content that occurs in more than one place to determine
                what level of reuse, if any, you need:</p>
            <ul id="ul_nh4_cqb_3w">
                <li>
                    <p>No match. If you have no chunks of content that match each other, you don't
                        have a case for reuse.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Exact match. If you have identical content in more than one place, you should
                        reuse that content (as opposed to replicating it manually, for example,
                        through copy and paste).</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Gray area (inexact or partial match). If you have content that almost matches
                        or is similar to other content, you can probably benefit from reusing it.
                        Here are some examples of content that fall into this gray area:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_gtr_jqb_3w">
                        <li>Naming: You might need to reuse your company name or different product
                            or device names throughout your content.</li>
                        <li>Different processes, definitions, or details: You might have several
                            product manuals that are mostly the same except for certain pieces of
                            information—for example, a different set of installation instructions
                            for one version of a product, or some additional safety information for
                            another. You might also have slightly different versions of content
                            based on locale.</li>
                        <li>Different order: The same content might appear in a different sequence
                            from one deliverable to another.</li>
                        <li>Subset of content: If you have a shorter version of your content—for
                            example, a quick guide for a user manual—common content between the
                            shorter and longer versions should be reused.</li>
                        <li>Necessary specifics: Your content might be identical except for a few
                            pieces of information that need to be specific (to a certain product,
                            for example).</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>In some cases, it makes more sense to rewrite content than to try to reuse it
                        as-is:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_nqd_11v_jw">
                        <li>Superfluous specifics: If you have two pieces of content that would be
                            identical if not for numerous specifics—for example, two sets of
                            instructions that would be the same if the product's specific name and
                            parts weren't mentioned in every step—the best way to reuse this content
                            is to rewrite it to be generic and move the specific information into an
                            introduction.</li>
                        <li>Usage and phrasing: If two pieces of content convey basically the same
                            information, but are written differently, it makes the most sense to
                            rewrite this content once (or choose the previously written version that
                            works best in all locations) and reuse that as a single source.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <!--<ul id="ul_kvj_2rm_4v"><li>Consider predictable vs unpredictable<ul id="ul_svj_gnh_hw"><li>Differences among existing content</li><li>Differences with content yet to be created</li></ul></li><li>Consider derivative use<ul id="ul_hbz_d5h_hw"><li>How will you handle it?</li></ul></li></ul><ul id="ul_rhj_cl4_bn"><li>Informal reuse<ul id="ul_nn2_bnw_dw"><li>Cut and paste (FORBIDDEN!)</li><li>Off-the-cuff reuse (avoid)<p>“Hey Mary, can I use that topic?”</p><p>“I think I’ll use that topic.”</p></li></ul></li><li>Formal (planned reuse)<ul id="ul_lrq_3lk_ln"><li>Controlled content<ul id="ul_arv_tq4_bn"><li>Regulatory information</li><li>Consistent admonitions</li></ul></li><li>Identifying reusable content</li><li>Write-once, use-many topics</li></ul></li></ul>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
