<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Reasons for reuse</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <ul id="ul_ljs_rbn_wf">
                <li>Reduce replication</li>
                <li>Reduces costs</li>
                <li>Increases consistency</li>
                <li>Allows customer-specific output</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Reusing content can reduce costs in the following areas:</p>
            <ul id="ul_shn_mpb_3w">
                <li>Content creation<ul id="ul_u2g_4pb_3w">
                        <li>Editing</li>
                        <li>Review</li>
                        <li>DTP</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Translation/localization</li>
                <li>Consistency</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Benefits of reuse will usually be seen in update or maintenance costs. Most benefits
                will be seen after (not during) initial release.</p>
            <p>An analysis of your content can help you decide whether you can benefit from
                reuse:</p>
            <ul id="ul_nh4_cqb_3w">
                <li>No match. No case for reuse if you have no chunks of content that match each
                    other.</li>
                <li>Exact match. If you have identical content in more than one place, that content
                    should be reused (as opposed to copied and pasted)</li>
                <li>Gray area (inexact or partial match). If you have content that almost matches/is
                    similar to other content, you can probably still benefit from reusing it. Here
                    are some examples of content that fall into this gray area:<ul
                        id="ul_gtr_jqb_3w">
                        <li>Naming (product, company, devices, and so on) - keys</li>
                        <li>Different process, definition, or details (or locale) - conditions,
                            conrefpush</li>
                        <li>Different order - conref (?)</li>
                        <li>Subset - conditions</li>
                        <li>Necessary specifics - conrefpush, conrefend</li>
                        <li>Superfluous specifics - rewrite</li>
                        <li>Usage and phrasing - rewrite</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul><ul id="ul_kvj_2rm_4v">
                <li>Consider predictable vs unpredictable<ul id="ul_svj_gnh_hw">
                    <li>Differences among existing content</li>
                    <li>Differences with content yet to be created</li>
                </ul></li>
                <li>Consider derivative use<ul id="ul_hbz_d5h_hw">
                    <li>How will you handle it?</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul>
            <ul id="ul_rhj_cl4_bn">
                <li>Informal reuse<ul id="ul_nn2_bnw_dw">
                        <li>Cut and paste (FORBIDDEN!)</li>
                        <li>Off-the-cuff reuse (avoid)<p>“Hey Mary, can I use that topic?”</p><p>“I
                                think I’ll use that topic.”</p></li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Formal (planned reuse)<ul id="ul_lrq_3lk_ln">
                        <li>Controlled content<ul id="ul_arv_tq4_bn">
                                <li>Regulatory information</li>
                                <li>Consistent admonitions</li>
                            </ul></li>
                        <li>Identifying reusable content</li>
                        <li>Write-once, use-many topics</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
