<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Conrefs in action</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p class="- topic/p ">When a DITA topic containing a conref referencing element is
                processed for output (or displayed in some DITA editors), the output generator
                replaces the referencing element with the referenced element and all the content of
                referenced element. This includes any elements contained within the referenced
                element. For example, if a referenced &lt;p> element contains a &lt;uicontrol>
                element, the referencing &lt;p> element is replaced by the referenced &lt;p> element
                and the &lt;uicontrol> element contained within it. Similarly, a conref to an
                &lt;ol> element includes all the &lt;li> elements that are contained by the &lt;ol>
                element. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">A conref directly references a reused element using its location
                and ID. The location is the path to the topic that contains the reused content, and
                the id is the ID of the element to be reused. In DITA not every element requires an
                ID, but it is required for any reused element. </p>
            <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">If the element you want to reuse does not have
                an ID, your DITA editor or content management system might prompt you to create an
                ID for the reused element as one of the steps in creating the conref. An ID must
                start with a letter, number, or underscore. </note>
            <draft-comment author="gretyl">Fill in "Practice" section (continue from previous
                topic)</draft-comment>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
        <title>Practice</title>
        <taskbody/>
    </task>
</learningContent>
