<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lc_reusing_maps">
    <title>Reusing maps</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-06-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_i5j_t4s_lw">
            <p>You can create reusable maps for content that occurs in multiple published documents.
                For instance, many components of a preface might be used all prefaces for a set of
                documents. A reference section might be necessary in multiple books; glossaries and
                appendixes might also appear in many related publications.</p>
            <p>For these repeating sets of information, you can create a map (often called a
                “submap”), then reuse the submap in other maps or bookmaps. Here’s an example of a
                submap (named m_breeds.ditamap) for reference information on duck breeds. Using the
                “m_” helps to group all the maps together in the file system so that you can find
                them quickly. </p>
            <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Duck breed reference&lt;/title>
   &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;category>reference map&lt;/category>
   &lt;/topicmeta>
    ...
   &lt;topicref href="r_mallard.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="r_muscovy.dita"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
            <p>To use this submap in other maps or bookmaps, use the &lt;topicref> element with
                format="ditamap". </p>
            <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Keeping ducks&lt;/title>
   ...
   &lt;topicref href="m_breeds.ditamap" format="ditamap"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
            <p>Alternatively, you can use the &lt;mapref> element to reference a submap:</p>
            <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Keeping ducks&lt;/title>
   ...
   &lt;mapref href="m_breeds.ditamap"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
            <p>A reusable map itself can contain refererences to other reusable maps (using
                &lt;mapref> or &lt;topic format="ditamap>).</p>
            <p><b>A note about bookmaps and reusable submaps </b>You can reuse maps from within
                bookmaps, but only from <i>inside</i> the bookmap top-level containers
                (&lt;frontmatter>, &lt;chapter>, &lt;part>, &lt;appendixes>, &lt;appendix>, and
                &lt;backmatter>). The content model for a bookmap does not allow &lt;mapref> (or
                &lt;topicref>) at the top level, therefore you cannot create a submap that contains
                one of these top-level containers.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody></learningContent>
