<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningTreeContent.dtd">
<learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="lt-content-4710" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic concept)                             (topic reference)                             (topic task)                             (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent "><title class="- topic/title ">The conref attribute</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc "/><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice</author><author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Simon Bate</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "><keyword class="- topic/keyword "/></keywords></metadata></prolog><learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody "><lcInstruction class="- topic/section learningBase/lcInstruction ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">A conref directly references a reused element using three pieces of
            information:</p>
         <ul id="ul_sgw_fj3_mw">
            <li>The path to the topic file containing the referenced element</li>
            <li>The ID of the topic that contains the referenced element</li>
            <li>The ID of the referenced element</li>
         </ul>
         <p>If the referenced element is in the same file as the referencing element (not a common
            occurrence), the path to the file can be omitted.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">In DITA not every element requires an ID, but it is required for any
            reused element. </p>
         <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">If the element you want to reuse does not have an
            ID, your DITA editor or content management system might prompt you to create an ID for
            the reused element as one of the steps in creating the conref. An ID must start with a
            letter, number, or underscore. </note>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The value of the conref attribute contains the location of the
            referenced element. In the example below, the warehouse topic warnings.dita contains a
            reusable &lt;note> element.</p>
         <pre xml:space="preserve" class="- topic/pre ">&lt;topic id="warehouseWarnings"&gt;
   ...
   &lt;note type="danger" id="hotWarning"&gt;Surfaces are hot.&lt;/note&gt;
   ...</pre>
         <p class="- topic/p ">To reuse the &lt;note> element in another topic, create an empty
            &lt;note> element, and use the conref attribute to identify the element to be reused.
            In this example, the files are stored in a local filesystem; the folder named
            “warehouse” contains the warnings topic with the &lt;note> element you want to reuse is
            stored in the warehouse folder. </p>
         <pre xml:space="preserve" class="- topic/pre ">...
&lt;note conref="../warehouse/warnings.dita#warehouseWarnings/hotWarning"/&gt;
...</pre>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The contents of the conref attribute might look a bit intimidating.
            Most DITA authoring tools help you fill in the conref attribute.   value to correctly
            identify the location of the reused target element as in this easyDITA example:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> The following table shows some examples of how the conref attribute
            value is formatted in various situations. You would replace the placeholders in these
            examples:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <ul class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">topicID</b> is the id of the
                     topic that contains the reused content</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">targetID</b> is the id of the
                     reused element</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">folder</b> is a directory in a
                     local file system</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">file.dita</b> is the name of a
                     DITA file</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">http://example.com</b> is the
                     name of a network computer</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </p>
         <simpletable class="- topic/simpletable ">
            <sthead class="- topic/sthead ">
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">Target location</stentry>
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">Conref attribute value</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow class="- topic/strow ">
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">In the same topic</stentry>
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">#topicID/targetID</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow class="- topic/strow ">
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">In a topic in a local file system</stentry>
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">folder/file.dita#topicID/targetID</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow class="- topic/strow ">
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry ">In a topic at a network location</stentry>
               <stentry class="- topic/stentry "
                  >http://example.com/file.dita#topicID/targetID</stentry>
            </strow>
         </simpletable>
         <draft-comment author="gretyl">Fill in "Practice" section (continue from previous
            topic)</draft-comment>
      </lcInstruction></learningContentbody>
   <task id="task_f5z_2qy_dw">
      <title>Practice</title>
      <taskbody/>
   </task></learningContent>
