<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Writing for reuse</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>When writing with reuse in mind, make sure that your content is consistent,
                context-free, and generalized. By separating specific information from common
                information wherever possible, you can make sure that your common chunks of content
                are generic enough to be reused wherever needed.</p>
            <p>To keep your content consistent, keep your topics short and granular. This will help
                maximize their reuse potential; a short topic with only one heading level can likely
                be reused in more places than a long topic that covers large amounts of information
                and goes several heading levels deep. Another way to increase consistency is to
                establish a style guide for tagging and usage, or to agree on usage if you don't
                have the time or budget to create a style guide. Finally, using a neutral voice can
                ensure consistency and make your topics more reusable. Limit your vocabulary and use
                of pronouns (particularly gender-specific ones), and avoid idioms and
                colloquialisms. A neutral, consistent voice will not only help with reuse, but also
                with localization.</p>
            <p>Keeping your content free of context will also make it easier to reuse. When writing
                a topic, do not assume anything about the topic's context or the type of document
                map in which it will appear. This means avoiding the use of words such as
                "previous," "next," "earlier," and "later," as well as references to chapters or
                manuals. To make sure that references to other topics don't break when you reuse a
                topic in multiple places, always use relationship tables to create links instead of
                inline cross-references.</p>
            <p>To make your writing more generalized, avoid the use of keywords or product
                dependencies wherever possible, and don't be too specific unless it's crucial. For
                example, if the same set of instructions applies to more than one product, don't
                include specific information about any one product in the steps. Avoid including
                gratuitous modifiers, such as number, size, or color, in your content. To strike a
                balance between making content generic for reuse and including necessary specifics,
                consider a table at the beginning of each deliverable that identifies certain
                product information. By providing that information up-front, you can then remove
                keywords from the content and rely on generic terms. Just like consistent content,
                generic content will not only help facilitate reuse, but will also better prepare
                you for localization. Reusing content also means that you will have fewer topics
                overall to translate, which will help reduce localization costs.</p>
            <!--<ul id="ul_zfy_rsb_3w"><li>Consistent. <ul id="ul_qss_ssb_3w"><li>Topic depth and length</li><li>Tagging and usage<ul id="ul_xjw_tsb_3w"><li>create a style guide</li><li>agree on usage if you don't create a style guide</li></ul></li><li>Neutral voice<ul id="ul_rlg_vsb_3w"><li>Limited vocabulary</li><li>Limit use of pronouns (particularly gender-specific)</li><li>Avoid idioms and colloquialisms</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Context-free<ul id="ul_pdz_wsb_3w"><li>Do not assume context (avoid "previous", "next", "earlier", "later", etc.)</li><li>Do not assume document type (avoid references to chapters, manuals, etc.)</li><li>Use relationship tables instead of in-line cross-references</li></ul></li><li>Generalized<ul id="ul_gpx_nvb_3w"><li>Don't be too specific (unless it's crucial)</li><li>Avoid gratuitous modifiers (such as number, size, color)</li></ul></li></ul><p>Ways to make writing more generic/better equipped for reuse:</p><ul id="ul_iwq_wvb_3w"><li>Overall, try to reduce the use of keywords where possible.</li><li>Remove product dependencies where possible.</li><li>Consider a table at the beginning of each deliverable that identifies certain specific product information. By providing that information up-front, you can then remove keywords from the content and rely on generic terms.</li></ul><p>Writing more generic content will not only help facilitate reuse, but will also make your content better equipped for localization. Reusing content also means that you will have fewer topics/less content overall to translate, which will help reduce localization costs.</p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
