<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="topics">
 <title>DITA topics</title>
 <prolog><author>Sharon Burton</author>
  <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com"  scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
  <critdates>
   <created date="2015-04-28"/>
  </critdates></prolog>
 <learningContentbody>
  <lcObjectives>
   <lcObjectivesGroup>
    <lcObjective>Identify the common elements found in all topics.</lcObjective>
    <lcObjective>Cite the standard topic types defined in DITA.</lcObjective>
    <lcObjective>Identify the elements typically found in each topic type.</lcObjective>
    <lcObjective>Define specialization and constraints.</lcObjective>
   </lcObjectivesGroup>
  </lcObjectives>
  <lcDuration >
   <lcTime value="45"/>
  </lcDuration>
  <lcInstruction>
   <p>A DITA topic is a building block of content. </p>
   <p>One of the fundamental principles of DITA is that different types of content require different
    containers (topic types). That way the elements in the topic can be specific to the information
    being described. </p>
   <p>All DITA topic types are related to a common or generic topic type. The generic topic type is
    then “specialized” into a number of specific topic types, each of which holds a specific type of
    information.  The “standard” DITA topic types include:</p>
   <ul id="ul_ekl_mcx_rs">
    <li>Concept—contains conceptual information; answers the question “Why?”</li>
    <li>Task—contains step-by-step procedural information; answers the question “How?”</li>
    <li>Reference—contains reference information; answers the question “What?”</li>
    <li>Glossary entry—defines a single term; answers the question “What does this mean?”</li>
   </ul>
   <p>This lesson introduces the generic topic type, then describes each of the standard topic types
    and how you use them.  </p>
  </lcInstruction>
  
 </learningContentbody>
 <related-links>
  <link href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/styleguide/webhelp-feedback/#Artefact/c_Topics_and_Information_Types.html" format="html" scope="external"><linktext>DITA Style Guide, Chapter 1</linktext></link>
  <!-- [AAB 2024-07-29] Updated scriptorium.com/books to current resources page and added link to content transformation book. -->
  <link href="https://www.scriptorium.com/resources/" scope="external" format="html"><linktext>Scriptorium Resources</linktext></link>
  <link href="https://www.scriptorium.com/content-transformation/" scope="external" format="html"><linktext>Content Transformation book</linktext></link>
 </related-links>
 
</learningContent>
