<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kqs_rks_zs">
    <title>More advanced elements</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-19"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
            <lcObjectivesGroup id="lcObjectivesGroup_e2g_sks_zs">
                <lcObjective>Introduce more advanced elements and identify best practices for adding
                    them to a concept topic.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Add the &lt;codeblock>, &lt;codeph>, &lt;lq>, &lt;section>,
                    &lt;draft-comment>, &lt;required-cleanup> elements to the concept.</lcObjective>
            </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcDuration>
            <lcTime value="1"/>
        </lcDuration>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>Now that you’ve mastered using the basic DITA elements and other commonly-used ones,
                you’re ready to start using some more advanced elements in your concept topic.</p>
            <p>You can use the &lt;codeblock> and &lt;codeph> elements to insert snippets of code
                into the body of your topic. With the &lt;lq> element, you can insert a quote and
                create a link to its original source.</p>
            <p>If you need to break your topic into sub-sections, you can add one or more
                &lt;section> elements. The &lt;section> element comes with two constraints: you can
                only use &lt;section> inside of &lt;conbody>, not inside of other &lt;section>
                elements, and you can only follow a &lt;section> element with another &lt;section>,
                an &lt;example>, or a &lt;conbodydiv>.</p>
            <p>You can collaborate with other authors using the &lt;draft-comment> element to make
                notes on pieces of information and the &lt;required-cleanup> element to show that an
                element needs to be tagged correctly.</p>
            <p>This lesson introduces these advanced elements and shows how to add them to a concept
                topic. Like the other elements introduced in this course, images and tables are not
                exclusive to the concept topic type and can also be used in the other DITA topic
                types (task, reference, and glossary).</p>
            <note>
                <p>This lesson covers basic use of these elements. For the full specifications for
                    each element, see the OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard in the related
                    information.</p>
            </note>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/codeblock.html"
            format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;codeblock></linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/codeph.html" format="html"
            scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;codeph></linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/lq.html" format="html"
            scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;lq></linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/section.html" format="html"
            scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;section></linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/draft-comment.html"
            format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;draft-comment></linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/required-cleanup.html"
            format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard, &lt;required-cleanup></linktext>
        </link>
    </related-links>
</learningContent>
