<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_yys_qbh_1t">
    <title>Creating a concept topic</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-19"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
            <lcObjectivesGroup id="lcObjectivesGroup_tvl_vbh_1t">
                <lcObjective>Create a concept topic file</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Introduce the DOCTYPE for concept topics<draft-comment
                        author="Bill Swallow">Learn about the concept
                    DOCTYPE</draft-comment></lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Add the root elements for a concept</lcObjective>
<<<<<<< HEAD
                <lcObjective>Add the &lt;p>, &lt;ul>, &lt;ol>, and &lt;note> elements</lcObjective>
=======
                <lcObjective>Add the &lt;p>, &lt;ul>, &lt;ol>, and &lt;note>elements<draft-comment
                        author="Bill Swallow">Add basic content
                    elements</draft-comment></lcObjective>
>>>>>>> master
            </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcDuration>
            <lcTime value="45"/>
        </lcDuration>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>The DITA concept topic type is used to provide information about a particular
<<<<<<< HEAD
                subject.</p>
            <p>Concept topics help someone understand an idea. A concept topic may give background
                or conceptual information about the subject in addition to essential
                information.</p>
            <p>A typical concept topic will mostly contain paragraphs and lists. However, you can
                also present information in a concept using images, tables, or other elements. You
                may also break a concept into sections for additional clarity.</p>
=======
                    subject.<draft-comment author="Bill Swallow">DITA concept topics
                    provide...</draft-comment></p>
            <p>Concept topics help someone understand an idea or follow<draft-comment
                    author="Bill Swallow">the purpose of (in place of 'follow')</draft-comment> an
                instruction. A concept topic may give background or conceptual information about the
                subject in addition to essential information.</p>
            <p>A typical concept topic will mostly contain paragraphs and lists. However, concepts
                may also present information using images, tables, or other elements. They may also
                be broken into sections for additional clarity.</p>
>>>>>>> master
            <p>This lesson shows how to create a new concept topic and how to add commonly used
                elements. With the exception of the &lt;conbody> element, the elements presented in
                this lesson and throughout the rest of the course are not specific to concepts and
                can also be used in the other types of DITA topics (task, reference, and
                glossary).</p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
    <related-links>
        <link
            href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/styleguide/webhelp-feedback/#Artefact/Topics_and_Information_Types/c_Concept.html"
            format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>DITA Style Guide, Chapter 3, Syntax and Markup</linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.0/archspec/dita_spec_22_info_concepts.html" format="html" scope="external">
            <linktext>OASIS DITA Architectural Specification, Concepts</linktext>
        </link>
    </related-links>
</learningContent>
