<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.--> 
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    <title>Creating a new concept topic</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Concept topics contain basic DITA elements, such as paragraphs, lists, images,
                tables, and many others. Most of these elements can be used in the other topic types
                (task and reference), as well. The only exception is the &lt;conbody>
                element, which is specific to the concept topic type.</p>
            <p>At a minimum, the concept topic must contain a &lt;concept> root element (with an id
                attribute) that contains a &lt;title> element. </p>
            <p>After the &lt;title> element and an optional &lt;shortdesc> or &lt;abstract> element,
                the &lt;conbody> element contains the concept itself. </p>
            <p>The &lt;conbody> element has an open content model. This means that the elements
                contained in &lt;conbody> are not required to follow a strict sequence. As long as
                an element is allowed inside &lt;conbody>, it can appear in any order. The
                exceptions are the &lt;section> and &lt;example> elements, which can only be
                followed by other &lt;section> or &lt;example> elements or a &lt;conbodydiv>
                element.</p>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebFdmsp4QAE" format="html"
                    scope="external">Creating a DITA concept</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file lesson1/l_new_concept_start.dita and open it in
                        your editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>
                            <p>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                                mode, rather than author or visual mode.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
&lt;concept id="my_first_concept">
&lt;title>xyz&lt;/title>
&lt;/concept></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The first line (which begins with <tt>&lt;?xml</tt>) is an XML
                            declaration, which is a standard part of all XML files.</p>
                        <p>The DOCTYPE declaration on the second line identifies this file as a
                            concept topic. </p>
                        <p>The third line is the opening tag of the &lt;concept> element, which uses
                            the unique ID "my_first_concept".</p>
                        <p>The &lt;title> element on the fourth line contains the title of the
                            topic.</p>
                        <p>The fifth line uses the closing tag &lt;/concept> to show where the
                            &lt;concept> element ends.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, change the text of the title as shown in the
                        following example.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>
                            <p>When working inside an element, insert the content between the
                                opening and closing tags.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
&lt;concept id="my_first_concept">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Wild duck species&lt;/title></ph>
&lt;/concept></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;title> element, add a &lt;conbody> element.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>
                            <p>When adding an element after another element, insert the new element
                                after the closing tag of the first element.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
&lt;concept id="my_first_concept">
   &lt;title>Wild duck species&lt;/title>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;conbody>
&lt;/conbody></ph>
&lt;/concept></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>The &lt;conbody> element will contain all the actual content in the
                        concept. </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
