<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_ajf_qch_1t">
    <title>Housekeeping</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-19"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction><p>The sample files for Authoring DITA concept topics are in the zip file
                concept_samples.zip. Download this file to a location on your hard drive that you’ll
                remember, then extract the contents to a folder.</p><p>Inside the
                concept_samples.zip folder, you will find a folder for each of the first four
                lessons in this course:</p><ul id="ul_qd4_1j2_2t">
                <li>
                    <p>Lesson 1: l_new_concept</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Lesson 2: l_concept_images_tables</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Lesson 3: l_concept_elements</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Lesson 4: l_concept_advanced</p>
                </li>
            </ul><p>In each lesson folder, you will find four DITA files:</p><ul id="ul_lx2_fj2_2t">
                <li>
                    <p>l_(filename)_start.dita: The empty sample file you will populate as you
                        follow along with each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_(filename).dita: The completed version of the sample file you can use to
                        check your work.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_(filename)_exercise_start.dita: The empty file you will populate as you
                        complete the exercise at the end of each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_(filename)_exercise.dita: The completed version of the exercise file you
                        can use to check your work.</p>
                </li>
            </ul><p>Each lesson will instruct you on which files to use for the samples and
                exercises.</p><p>Create a local copy of each file to work in as you complete the
                lessons. If you reach a point where your working file doesn’t match the examples, or
                is broken for any reason, you can make a fresh copy and resume your work or start
                over.</p><ph>In the instructions and examples, we show you the DITA code for each
                sample file. Most DITA editors have auto-complete or other similar features to guide
                you through the process of adding elements, so you will probably not need to create
                every piece of code from scratch as you work. Our demo videos were created in oXygen
                XML Editor and show the differences between working in author view and working with
                the code in text view.</ph></lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
