<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.--> 
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    <title>Separate content from formatting</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>One of the major benefits of creating structured content in DITA is the separation of
                content from formatting. Content that is tagged according to its structure rather
                than its appearance will be more flexible in its output capabilities. </p>
            <p>For example, an unstructured piece of content that has been created with page layout
                in mind will work best in print or PDF output, and may work poorly or not at all in
                an HTML-based output. However, a structured DITA topic with no formatting specified
                in the content should work equally well in multiple output types.</p>
            <p>For authors who are accustomed to a formatting-based environment such as a desktop
                publishing program, it can be tempting to misuse the DITA tags to try to control the
                look and feel of the content. Using tags for a purpose other than they were intended
                decreases the value of those tags. Tag abuse can also have unintended consequences—a
                misused tag may achieve the desired formatting effect in one output type, but
                destroy the look and feel of the content in another output type.</p>
            <p>One form of tag abuse is the forced line break. Do not use the &lt;p> element to
                control where your lines of text should break, as this will cause problems in
                responsive output types such as HTML. Use the &lt;codeblock> element to control line
                breaks for certain parts of your content (for example, code samples).</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
