<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kw5_5ls_zs">
    <title>First steps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>After the &lt;context> element in your task topic, add a &lt;steps> element. </p>
            <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="task_topic">
   &lt;title>&lt;/title>
   &lt;taskbody>
      &lt;prereq>
      &lt;/prereq>
      &lt;context>
      &lt;/context>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">      &lt;steps>
      &lt;/steps></ph>
   &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></pre>
            <p>As with the &lt;prereq> and &lt;context> elements, the &lt;taskbody> can contain only
                one &lt;steps> element. In keeping with the spirit of DITA that a topic should
                contain a single idea, restricting you to a single &lt;steps> element helps ensure
                that the topic only describes how to perform one task.</p>
            <p>Inside the &lt;steps> element, add a &lt;step> element. </p>
            <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">         &lt;step>
         &lt;/step></ph>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
            <p>The &lt;steps> element must contain at least one &lt;step> element. Most DITA-aware
                editors automatically add a first &lt;step> element to the &lt;steps> element. </p>
            <p>In DITA, the content of each individual step is also highly controlled. The action
                the reader is to perform is contained in a &lt;cmd> element, which is a required
                element in &lt;step>. In most cases, &lt;cmd> contains a single sentence, which is a
                direct instruction to the reader to perform some action.</p>
            <p>Inside the &lt;step> element, add a &lt;cmd> element  (this is read as
                “command”).</p>
            <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;cmd>&lt;/cmd></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
            <p>Because &lt;step> must contain exactly one &lt;cmd> element, most DITA-aware editors
                add the &lt;cmd> element when they add the &lt;step> element.  </p>
            <p>Finally! We have a place to put some actual content. Within the &lt;cmd> element add
                the first instruction to the reader.  </p>
            <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;cmd><ph outputclass="newchanged">Do something!</ph>&lt;/cmd></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_a2s_dvs_zs">
        <title/>
    </task>
</learningContent>
