<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Creating a new DITA map</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-07"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Maps are used to compile, organize, and define the relationships
                        among DITA topics. A map might contain the following:</p>
            <ul id="ul_stb_33l_mv">
                <li>
                    <p>all of the concept and reference topics with information about a single product</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>all of the task topics that give instructions for using that product</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>a glossary of related terms</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Although a single DITA topic can be published on its own, many authors collect topics in maps to prepare them for publication.
            </p>
            <p>Using maps can add flexibility and facilitate reuse in your publishing workflow. If you have a topic with content that applies to multiple products (such as common safety information), you can write that topic once and reference it in multiple maps.</p>
            <p>You can also reference other maps from within a map. This allows you to group related sets of topics together. For example, you might need to compile all the maps for individual products into a single map for a product family.</p>
            <p>Maps can contain metadata, such as product information, copyright, and publication
                date. Metadata in maps can be used to help your company manage and distribute your
                content more effectively—or help your customers find the content they need more
                easily.</p>
            <p>At a minimum, a map must contain a root &lt;map> element. The &lt;map> element may
                contain the following elements:</p>
            <ul id="ul_oc4_2fd_3v">
                <li>
                    <p>The &lt;title> element, which allows you to name the map (such as “Product X
                        User Guide”). The text in the &lt;title> element can also be used as the
                        title of your output document.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Any number of &lt;topicref> elements, which allow you to reference topics
                        within the map. A &lt;topicref> element can contain other &lt;topicref>
                        elements.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Any number of &lt;mapref> elements, which allow you to reference other maps
                        within the main map.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Any number of &lt;reltable> elements, which allow you to define relationships
                        in your content.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <note>
                <p>For more information about the &lt;map> element, see the <xref
                        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/map.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">OASIS DITA Version 1.2 Standard</xref>.</p>
            </note>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
        <title>Practice</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_umd_lgd_3v">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file
                        maps_bookmaps_samples/samples/_m_ducks_start.ditamap and open it in your
                        editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>
                            <p>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                                mode, rather than author or visual mode.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "map.dtd">
&lt;map id="ducks">
 &lt;title>xyz&lt;/title>
&lt;/map></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The first line (which begins with <tt>&lt;?xml</tt>) is an XML
                            declaration, which is a standard part of all XML files.</p>
                        <p>The DOCTYPE declaration on the second line identifies this file as a DITA
                            map. </p>
                        <p>The third line is the opening tag of the &lt;map> element, which uses the
                            unique ID "ducks".</p>
                        <p>The &lt;title> element on the fourth line contains the title of the
                            map.</p>
                        <p>The fifth line uses the closing tag &lt;/map> to show where the &lt;map>
                            element ends.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, change the text of the title as shown in the
                        following example.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "map.dtd">
&lt;map id="ducks">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Ducks&lt;/title></ph>
&lt;/map></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>Now that you’ve set up the base structure for your map, you can begin
                        adding topic references.</info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
