<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_nmj_lmt_lt">
    <title>Use substeps appropriately</title>
    <!-- [SP] MAK 2024-04-21  Not changing title because I'm not sure what the LD site uses-->
    <prolog>
        <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-09-24"/>
            <revised modified="2024-04-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>Nested steps in DITA can be useful, but it should be applied sparingly.</p>
            <p>If you find that you are using nested steps extensively or that you have some very
                long, involved nested steps, you may want to revisit your task analysis. Consider
                carefully how you divided your major tasks into task topics. It may be that you did
                not divide the major tasks far enough.</p>
            <!-- [SP] MAK 2024-04-21  These two paragraphs (above and below) seem to be saying the same
            thing. I'm not sure what the -->
            <p>Another clear warning sign that your task analysis is not complete: you are using
                many nested steps, but frequently find the need for additional levels of steps.</p>
            <p>Nested steps should only be used in a handful of situations, such as:</p>
            <ul id="ul_pgk_3nt_lt">
                <li>
                    <p>You encounter a complex step, where readers could benefit from additional
                        details.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Your audience includes some novice readers who might benefit from some
                        additional guidance. Most readers will understand all that the &lt;cmd>
                        element directs them to do, but some less-experienced readers may need to
                        have things spelled out in a little more detail with nested steps.</p>
                    <p>Some output types might allow you to hide nested steps that provide extra
                        detail until the reader asks for more information.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Procedures in which the steps are not homogeneous. Occasionally you’ll
                        encounter a task where most of the steps require a consistent level of
                        explanation, but one or two steps—although at the same level as the other
                        steps—require much more detail.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Be careful using nested steps where the &lt;choice> or &lt;choicetable> element are
                more appropriate.</p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
