<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_zwc_rbn_ft">
 <title>Assessment structure for test questions</title>
 <prolog>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Alan Pringle, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
  <critdates>
   <created date="2015-09-02"/>
  </critdates>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
   <p>Assessments (test questions) come after the learning content in each module. In most cases you
   can use the shared file <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath> that introduces the questions in
   the LMS. If necessary (for example, if there are special instructions about the lesson's
   assessment), you can create an introduction topic of your own (or use conref push to insert
   content).</p>
   <p>If you're using the shared introduction, create a &lt;topicref> pointing to the file
     <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath>, then use the copy-to attribute to specify a filename
    (starting with <filepath>lcc_assess_</filepath>), that uniquely identifies the copy. Add a
    &lt;navtitle> element that provides a lesson-specific title for the assessments introduction. </p>
   <codeblock>&lt;topicref href="../topics/lc_advanced.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="../topics/lc_more_advanced.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="../topics/lcc_assessment.dita" copy-to="lcc_advanced.dita" locktitle="yes">
   &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>Assessment for Advanced elements&lt;/navtitle>
   &lt;/topicmeta><b>&lt;topicref href="../../shared/topics/lcc_assessment.dita" 
                            copy-to="lcc_assess_basic.dita" locktitle="yes">
    &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;navtitle>Assessment for What is DITA?&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;/topicmeta>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_validtopic.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_topicscope.dita"/>
    ...
  &lt;/topicref></b>
 &lt;/topicref>
 
...
  
 &lt;/map>
</codeblock>
   <p>Each assessment question goes into its own &lt;learningAssessment> topic. It’s a good idea to
   include title text in assessment topics; the title is not displayed to the reader in the LMS, but
   helps you locate the assessment when authoring and editing. Each assessment requires a unique ID
   for the question type (lcSingleSelect in the following sample). This is not the same as the ID of
   the learningAssessment topic itself. </p>
   <codeblock>&lt;learningAssessment id="assessment_htp_t21_wr">
 &lt;title>Sample assessment&lt;/title>
 &lt;prolog>
  &lt;author>Sharon Burton&lt;/author>
  &lt;author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-28"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
 &lt;/prolog>
 &lt;learningAssessmentbody>
  &lt;lcInteraction>
    &lt;lcSingleSelect id="unique">
    ...<b>id="topics3"</b>>
   &lt;lcQuestion>When creating a concept topic, you will often:&lt;/lcQuestion>
   &lt;lcAnswerOptionGroup>
   ...
   &lt;/lcAnswerOptionGroup>
  &lt;/lcSingleSelect>
  &lt;/lcInteraction>
 &lt;/learningAssessmentbody>
&lt;/learningAssessment></codeblock>
   <p>Make sure you do not overlap with other IDs in the modules. Consider a unique ID prefix for
    your learning assessment content (for example, your initials or something related to the content
    you are developing).</p>
  <section id="section_dzn_3k4_vx">
   <title>Standard &lt;lcQuestion> forms</title>
   <p>The DITA learning and training specialization (and LearnDashLMS) supports a number of
    different question types. We encourage you to use a healtyh mix of question types when creating
    your assessments. </p>
   <p>So that students can have a consistent experience when taking assessments, we recommend the
    following forms for these question types. Some questions or subjects might not fit well within
    this form, please use these as a starting point for your questions. </p>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;lcSingleSelect></dt>
     <dd>"Which of the following __(items)__  ___(statement)___ most closely? (choose one)"</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;lcMultipleSelect></dt>
     <dd>"Which of the following __(items)___  __(condition)___? (choose all that apply)"</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;lcTrueFalse></dt>
     <dd>"___(statement)___ (true or false)."</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;lcSequencing></dt>
     <dd>"Arrange the following ______ in the order in which they must__________." </dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;lcMatching></dt>
     <dd>"Drag the _______ to the _______ that matches most closely."</dd>
     <dd>"Match the _______ to the _______ that matches most closely."</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section><title>Providing answer feedback</title>
   <p>The ditatraining project is being published to LearningDITA.com. LearningDITA.com runs on
    WordPress and LearnDashLMS. Currently, LearnDashLMS does not support feedback at the answer
    option level (lcAnswerOption/lcFeedback). You can, however, use lcFeedbackIncorrect. If the
    learner chooses the wrong answer, the lcFeedbackIncorrect content is
    displayed.<codeblock> &lt;lcInteraction>
   &lt;lcTrueFalse id="link8">
    &lt;lcQuestion>The elements in the conbody have to occur in a specific sequence.&lt;/lcQuestion>
    &lt;lcAnswerOptionGroup id="lcAnswerOptionGroup_n52_4jx_dt">
     &lt;lcAnswerOption>
      &lt;lcAnswerContent>False&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
      &lt;lcCorrectResponse/>
     &lt;/lcAnswerOption>
     &lt;lcAnswerOption>
      &lt;lcAnswerContent>True&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
     &lt;/lcAnswerOption>
    &lt;/lcAnswerOptionGroup>
    &lt;lcFeedbackIncorrect>The conbody uses an open content model, that is, the elements do not
     have to follow in strict sequence.&lt;/lcFeedbackIncorrect>
   &lt;/lcTrueFalse>
  &lt;/lcInteraction></codeblock></p></section>
  <section><title>Creating Matching Questions</title>
  <p>When creating matching questions, DO NOT create multiple pairs that share the same answer. The
   matching mechanism uses the exact &lt;lcMatchingItem&gt; from the &lt;lcMatchingPair&gt; to
   establish a correct answer. If the same answer appears twice, the user has no way to know which
   of the identical &lt;lcMatchingItem&gt; answers corresponds with the specific &lt;lcItem&gt;
   term. </p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
