<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_twx_jf3_ft">
 <title>Topic metadata</title>
 <prolog>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Alan Pringle, Scriptorium</author>
  
  <critdates>
   <created date="2015-09-01"/>
  </critdates>
 </prolog>
 
 <conbody>
  <p>The ditatraining project is an open-source effort under Apache license. Each topic should
   include a comment after the XML prolog that identifies it as part of this
   project:<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
&lt;!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
&lt;concept id="concept_fqr_fvh_ft"></codeblock></p>
  <p>In the topic prolog, use the &lt;author> element to claim authorship of a topic. Whenever you
   create a topic or make a significant contribution to an existing topic, remember to update the
   &lt;prolog> with author
   information.<codeblock>&lt;prolog>
  &lt;author type="creator">Sharon Burton&lt;/author>
  &lt;author type="contributor" 
      href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-28"/>
   &lt;revised date="2015-09-01"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
&lt;/prolog></codeblock></p>
  <p>Contributors should be listed in order, so if you make updates, add a second &lt;author>
   element underneath the first author. If you include a web link, be sure to remember the scope
   (external) and the format (html) attributes. Use the author attribute to distinguish the primary
   author (“creator”) and other contributors (“contributor”). </p>
  <p>When you create a topic, specify the creation date in the &lt;critdates> elements using the
   &lt;created> element. When you update a topic, do not change the &lt;created> element. Instead,
   add a &lt;revised> element with the current date. For both &lt;created> and &lt;revised>
   elements, use YYYY-MM-DD format.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
