<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_m11_2kg_sy">
 <title>Reuse</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>When we first created LearningDITA, we didn't think much about reusing content. It was a shock
   to learn that we had been advocating reuse, but didn't use it ourselves! However, our first foray
   into localization showed us how important it was to think about reuse.</p>
  <p>At present, we use reuse for:</p>
  <ul id="ul_zfj_kkg_sy">
   <li>
    <p><b>The housekeeping topic</b>. Every course begins with information about how to download
     exercise files and how to work with them. The reusable file for this information is in
      <filepath>shared/topics/lc_general_housekeeping.dita</filepath>. </p>
    <p>The first paragraph uses a &lt;xref> element with a keyref to sample_file. This key should be
     defined in your <filepath>this_course_keys.ditamap</filepath> file (see below). This paragraph
     also uses a key (course_name) to refer to the course name.</p>
    <p>Because the content of the exercise files varies from course to course, the second paragraph
     of this file is a conkeyref:</p>
    <codeblock>&lt;p conkeyref="sample_contents/folder_contents"/></codeblock>
    <p>You define the sample_contents key in your <filepath>this_course_keys.ditamap</filepath>
     file. The ID folder_contents identifies a &lt;p> element in
      <filepath>z_conkeyref_elements.dita</filepath> in your topics folder.</p>
    <note>We're still working on reuse with this topic. Some of the earlier courses had different
     content in each housekeeping topic. Making this truly reusable is a work in progress.</note>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><b>Assessment intro</b>. At the end of every lesson is an assessment that begins with the
     same text. The topic with this text is in
      <filepath>shared/topics/lcc_assessment.dita</filepath>. </p>
    <p>Because this topic is reused across all lessons, we need to avoid naming collisions, which
     might confuse WordPress, so we use a copy-to attribute in the &lt;topicref> element to give
     each use a new name. We also use a &lt;navtitle> in the &lt;topicref> to give the topic and
     appropriate name. </p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><b>maps/this_course_keys.ditamap</b>. Use this file to define keys used by your course. Use
     this file to define these keys:<ul id="ul_zby_rmg_sy">
      <li>course_name - the name of your course</li>
      <li>sample_file - the href and linktext for the sample file in your LearningDITA WordPress
       site</li>
      <li>sample_contents - a &lt;p> element that describes the content of your sample files</li>
     </ul></p>
    <p>We also strongly recommend using keys to refer to the images used in your </p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><b>shared/maps/course_keys.ditamap</b>. This file contains keydefs for course links and
     linktext for their titles. Whenever you refer to another course, create an &lt;xref> element
     using a keyref from <filepath>course_keys.ditamap</filepath>.</p>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
