<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tnn_3ss_kf">
 <title>Meeting regulatory requirements</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><indexterm>regulatory<indexterm>requirements</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>requirements<indexterm>regulatory</indexterm></indexterm>Regulatory
   requirements can be tedious, but at least the business imperative is clear: without documentation
   that meets the requirements, the organization will not be allowed to sell its products (or, in
   some cases, operate at all). Other business goals may exist but are secondary.</p>
  <p>To begin, you need to understand the actual requirement. Some requirements are technical. For
      example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requires
        <indexterm>labeling</indexterm><indexterm>SPL</indexterm><indexterm>XML<indexterm>SPL</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Structured
        Product Labeling<index-see>SPL</index-see></indexterm>that content of labeling (drug
      information) be submitted electronically using the Structured Product Labeling (SPL)
          standard.<fn><xref
          href="http://www.fda.gov/ForIndustry/DataStandards/StructuredProductLabeling/default.htm"
          scope="external" format="html"
          >fda.gov/ForIndustry/DataStandards/StructuredProductLabeling/default.htm</xref></fn> SPL
      is an XML standard. Any content strategy that involves these regulated submissions must
      support the delivery of content encoded in SPL.</p>
  <p>Other regulations, such as those in the <indexterm>European
     Union<indexterm>standards</indexterm></indexterm>European Union for product documentation,
   establish standards for what information needs to be included, as described by
    <indexterm>TCEurope standards</indexterm>TCEurope in <i>Usable and safe operating manuals for
    consumer goods</i> (2004)<fn><xref
     href="http://docbox.etsi.org/STF/Archive/STF285_HF_MobileEservices/STF285%20Work%20area/UG/Inputs%20to%20consider/TCeurope_Securedoc_1_Usable%20and%20safe%20operating%20manuals%20for%20consumer%20DKE-AKDFA_2004-01-01.pdf"
     scope="external" format="pdf"
     >docbox.etsi.org/STF/Archive/STF285_HF_MobileEservices/STF285%20Work%20area/UG/Inputs%20to%20consider/TCeurope_Securedoc_1_Usable%20and%20safe%20operating%20manuals%20for%20consumer%20DKE-AKDFA_2004-01-01.pdf</xref>
   </fn>:<lq><indexterm>European Union<indexterm>product directive</indexterm></indexterm>European
    Union legislation specifies that a technical product is only complete when accompanied by an
    operating manual. Delivery or sale of a product without an operating manual or with an
    inadequate manual breaks the law. In this case, users are entitled to assistance. </lq></p>
  <p><indexterm>regulatory<indexterm>documentation</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>content<indexterm>regulated</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>technical
          content<indexterm>regulated</indexterm></indexterm>In the United States, only a few
      categories of product documentation are regulated, but concerns about legal liability may
      drive content decisions. One notable exception is the nuclear power plant licensing process.
      The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission provides detailed requirements for the content of a
      licensing application.<fn><xref
          href="http://www.nrc.gov/reading-rm/doc-collections/fact-sheets/licensing-process-bg.html"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >nrc.gov/reading-rm/doc-collections/fact-sheets/licensing-process-bg.html</xref></fn></p>
  <p>Another category of regulation is for component manufacturers, such as in the aerospace
      industry. If you make aircraft components, such as emergency exits or seats, your product
      documentation is subject to the requirements of your customer (such as Boeing or Airbus). If
      your customer informs you that you must deliver product documentation using
        <indexterm>S1000D</indexterm><indexterm>XML<indexterm>S1000D</indexterm></indexterm>S1000D
      (another XML standard) or a military standard, you have no choice but to comply. (Technically,
      these requirements are not “regulations,” but in your role as a supplier, the distinction is
      at best semantic.)</p>
  <p>Regulatory requirements are best seen as prerequisites—they affect your content strategy
      decisions long before you can start thinking about how to create effective, useful
      content.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
