<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kw5_5ls_zs">
    <title>Adding steps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-13"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody/>
    <task id="task_a2s_dvs_zs">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_urj_vdy_zs">
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;context> element in your task topic, add a &lt;steps>
                        element. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="task_topic">
   &lt;title>&lt;/title>
   &lt;taskbody>
      &lt;prereq>
      &lt;/prereq>
      &lt;context>
      &lt;/context>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">      &lt;steps>
      &lt;/steps></ph>
   &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>As with the &lt;prereq> and &lt;context> elements, the &lt;taskbody> can
                            contain only one &lt;steps> element. In keeping with the spirit of DITA
                            that a topic should contain a single idea, restricting you to a single
                            &lt;steps> element helps ensure that the topic only describes how to
                            perform one task.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;steps> element, add a &lt;step> element. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">         &lt;step>
         &lt;/step></ph>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The &lt;steps> element must contain at least one &lt;step> element. Most
                            DITA-aware editors automatically add a first &lt;step> element to the
                            &lt;steps> element. </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <stepsection>
                    <p>In DITA, the content of each individual step is also highly controlled; each
                        step has a specific set of elements, which must occur in a specific order.
                        The action the user is to perform is contained in a &lt;cmd> element (read
                        as “command”), which is a required element in &lt;step>. In most cases,
                        &lt;cmd> contains a single sentence, which is a direct instruction to the
                        reader to perform some action.</p>
                </stepsection>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;step> element, add a &lt;cmd> element with the text shown
                        here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;cmd>(Text TBD)&lt;/cmd></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>As a best practice, the &lt;cmd> element should be limited to a single
                            sentence, in active voice, that directs the user to perform an action.
                            To provide additional information about the &lt;cmd> element, use the
                            &lt;info> element (discussed in the next step). </p>
                        <p>Because &lt;step> must contain exactly one &lt;cmd> element, most
                            DITA-aware editors add the &lt;cmd> element when they add the &lt;step>
                            element. </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;cmd> element, add an &lt;info> element, with the text shown
                        here.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>(Text TBD)&lt;/cmd>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">            &lt;info>&lt;p>(Text TBD)&lt;/p>&lt;/info></ph>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
...</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>As noted above, the &lt;info> element provides additional information
                            about the action dictated by the &lt;cmd> element. You can use &lt;info>
                            to contain text, notes, images, tables and so on. The remaining topics
                            in this lesson describe other, more semantically appropriate elements
                            you can use to further document the step.  </p>
                        <p>As with other elements that can contain mixed content, we strongly
                            recommend using a &lt;p> element to contain text, even if the &lt;info>
                            element only contains one paragraph.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
