<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_qyn_3sb_wr">

    <title>Map files</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Alan Pringle,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O'Keefe,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
            <revised modified="2015-05-15"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>

    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Map files are how you organize content for delivery. They are like a table of
                contents: they create sequence and hierarchy among topics. When you generate a PDF
                file or a help system from a map file, your reader sees the topics in the order and
                hierarchy established by the map file. </p>
            <p>You generally do not add all available topics to a map file—just the ones you want
                included in a deliverable. Also, you can include the same topic in multiple map
                files, which is another example of reuse in DITA.</p>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_yvE9_ECRw" format="html"
                    scope="external">Example of a DITA map file</xref></p>
          
         <p>Map files are made up mainly of the following components:<ul id="ul_dy2_k3q_wr">
                    <li>topicref elements, which provide a link to a specific topic</li>
                    <li>mapref elements, which provide a link to another map</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In a map file, you put topicrefs in order from top to bottom to indicate sequence. To
                indicate hierarchy, you nest the topics. Consider the following example:</p>
            <pre>&lt;map>
 &lt;title>My first map&lt;/title>
 &lt;topicref href="ducks.dita">
   &lt;topicref href="range.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="size.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="nests.dita"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map>
</pre>
            <p>For convenience, the code is indented. But what matters is that the first topicref
                (ducks) encloses the other three files. The range.dita, size.dita, and nests.dita
                topics are all subordinate to the ducks.dita topic. The result is a table of
                contents that is structured like this:</p>
            <ul id="ul_bkw_cjq_wr">
                <li>Ducks<ul id="ul_j2d_djq_wr">
                        <li>Range</li>
                        <li>Size</li>
                        <li>Nests</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
            <p>In addition to linking to topics, you can reference map files inside map files. In
                this approach, the subordinate maps (submaps) are usually a collection of related
                content. For example, you can create a chapter-level map file for each chapter in a
                book, and then reference those chapter-level map files inside your main book-level
                map file.</p>
            <p>Instead of a topicref, a reference to a map uses a mapref. If you want to use duck
                map content as a component of another map, you would insert it into the parent map,
                as shown here:</p>
            <pre>&lt;topicref href="fish.dita">
&lt;topicref href="shorebirds.dita">
<b>&lt;mapref href="ducks.ditamap" format="ditamap"/></b></pre>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gXZN505XFQ" format="html"
                scope="external">Reusing a map file in a map file</xref></p>
            
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
