<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningTreeContent.dtd">
<learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="lt-content-4677" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic concept)                             (topic reference)                             (topic task)                             (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent "><title class="- topic/title ">Understanding the problem</title>
   <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
      <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen</author>
      <critdates>
         <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
      </critdates>
   </prolog><learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody "><lcInstruction class="- topic/section learningBase/lcInstruction ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">When first learning about conrefs in DITA, it might be tempting to
            use it in any number of situations. However, it’s wise to proceed with some caution,
            especially if your content will be translated. And even if your content is not being
            translated today, assuming that it will be translated someday will avoid problems when
               <q class="- topic/q ">someday</q> comes. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">In general, just because it works in DITA, and it works well in
            English, it does not mean that it’s a good thing to do to content that will be
            translated into other languages. Languages vary in their vocabulary, but it goes far
            beyond that. They also vary in how words can be put together and in the effect that
            words might have on the surrounding words.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Not every language works the same as English. Some languages require
            a word to take a different form depending on whether it’s in the subject or object of
            the sentence. Some languages have grammatical gender, and so words with gender can
            affect words that are related to it in the sentence. Some languages have a different
            number of plural forms than in English, where we’re used to the concepts of zero, one,
            and more than one.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Each language has different rules of grammar and syntax. It’s not the
            point of this lesson to understand the rules for every language. Instead, we’ll use
            English to illustrate why substituting words isn’t a good idea when your content will be
            translated into other languages with other rules.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Example:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an orange.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">What if we were to substitute another word for orange?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">apple</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Still OK. But what if we substituted a different word?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">tomato</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p "><note type="tip" class="- topic/note "><q class="- topic/q "
                  >Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a
                  fruit salad</q> - Miles Kington</note>Now we have a problem. In English, we need
            the article <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">a</b> instead of <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "
               >an</b> when the word starts with a consonant sound. Maybe not every language has a
            rule like that, but English does.&#160;Substituting a fruit breaks the a/an rule in some
            cases.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">But that’s not the only way we can break our sample sentence.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Example:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an apple.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">What if we substituted the plural?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">apples</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">You’re probably getting the idea. English has rules that are broken
            easily by substituting words within sentences. Other languages have other rules that are
            also broken easily by substituting words within sentences. Just because you’re following
            the rules for English doesn’t mean you’re not breaking the rules for another language.
            You probably don’t know all the rules for all the languages your English content will be
            translated into. So, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">you should not use conref within
               sentences (using ph or similar elements) to substitute parts of the sentence. </b>The
            same goes for other reuse techniques like conkeyref and conditional filtering (profiling
            with ditaval). If you use these on parts of a sentence, you’re just asking for trouble
            because you will have bad content when it’s translated. </p>
      </lcInstruction></learningContentbody>
   <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
      <title>Practice</title>
      <taskbody/>
   </task></learningContent>
