<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_jyr_l4x_wr">
    <title>Tables</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Bill Swallow,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-05-01"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
            <lcObjectivesGroup>
                <lcObjective>Distinguish simple tables and CALS tables.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Describe the elements in a simpletable.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Describe the elements in a CALS table.</lcObjective>
                <lcObjective>Present best practices for DITA tables</lcObjective>
            </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>Tables occupy an uneasy middle ground between formatting and structure. 
                However, tables are often the right container for the content. </p>
            <p>DITA include two types of tables:</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Simple tables</dt>
                    <dd>The &lt;simpletable> element supports basic tables with minimal
                        customization</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Tables</dt>
                    <dd>The &lt;table> element can support complex tables with spanned rows and
                        columns (straddles) and precise display properties</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Most markup languages uses the CALS table model, which was created as part of an
                initiative of the United States Department of Defense. HTML tables also use the CALS
                model, so if you are familiar with HTML table markup, you will recognize
                similarities in DITA tables. </p>
            <draft-comment author="simonbate">I don't believe this statement is true: Both
                &lt;table> and &lt;simpletable> are based on CALS. </draft-comment>
            <p>DITA tables are always described row by row.</p>
        </lcIntro>

        <lcIntro>
            <title>Simple tables</title>
            <p>Simple tables are ideal for basic representation of content within columns and rows.
                You can use heading rows, but you cannot use a table title, spanned columns or rows,
                or define column widths.</p>
        </lcIntro>
        <lcIntro>
            <title>Tables</title>
            <p>The &lt;table> element allows for more complex arrangements of tabular content. It
                allows table titles, spanned columns or rows, multiple groups of rows, and
                user-specified column widths</p>
        </lcIntro>
        <lcIntro>
            <title>Other tables</title>
            <p>There are two other very specific table types (based on the &lt;simpletable>
                element): </p>
            <ul id="ul_x3m_vyc_ss">
                <li>&lt;properties>, which you use in reference topics to define a list of
                    properties.</li>
                <li>&lt;choicetable>, which you use in task topics to present the differences among
                    various choices.</li>
            </ul>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
    <related-links>
        <link
            href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/styleguide/webhelp-feedback/#Artefact/Syntax_and_Markup/c_Tables.html"
            scope="external" format="html">
            <linktext>DITA Style Guide, Chapter 3, Table section</linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="http://www.afei.org/about/history/Pages/CALS.aspx" scope="external"
            format="html">
            <linktext>Background information on CALS</linktext>
        </link>
    </related-links>
</learningContent>
