<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Overview: maps vs. bookmaps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-07"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Bookmaps extend the functionality of maps by providing elements that allow you to
                create book-like structures. These include chapters, appendices, parts (which can be
                used to group chapters or appendices), and optional front matter and back matter.
                Although maps and bookmaps share a similar structure, bookmaps contain a more
                expansive set of elements, which provide many more options for preparing your
                content for publication—particularly if you have large amounts of content. This
                makes bookmaps better suited to publishing content in a book format, and more
                flexible than maps overall.</p>
            <p>When you’re deciding whether to compile your topics into a map or a bookmap, your
                publication and delivery process should be a major factor. If you need to deliver
                your content in print or PDF form, it is generally recommended that you use bookmaps
                instead of maps. Maps are sufficient for online-only distribution (such as HTML or
                online help), but if you plan to publish the same set of topics in both print-based
                and online formats, it's better to use a bookmap.</p>
            <p>One of the main differences between bookmaps and maps is the ability to have chapters
                in a bookmap. In a map, you can nest second-level topics under a first-level topic
                to create a hierarchy. In a bookmap, these first-level topics are designated as
                chapters. You can also designate a first-level topic as an appendix in a bookmap.
                Although the hierarchical structure of topics is the same, there is added semantic
                value in calling the first-level topics chapters. When you publish the same set of
                topics in a bookmap instead of a map, your output transforms can format your chapter
                topics differently than the other topics.</p>
            <p>Bookmaps also give you an additional way to define metadata with the &lt;bookmeta>
                element. The &lt;bookmeta> element, which contains publication-specific information,
                can only be applied to the &lt;bookmap> element—it is not available in maps. The
                ability to use the &lt;bookmeta> element is another reason that bookmaps are better
                suited than maps for publishing book-like structures.</p>
            <p><xref href="https://youtu.be/1zVA2Spuy_c" format="html" scope="external">Video:
                DITA maps and bookmaps</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
