<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_rxt_zl5_vr2">
    <title>What is metadata?</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-05-01"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p><i>Metadata</i> provides information about information. For example, word processing
                applications often have document properties, which tell you who created the file and
                on what date it was last modified. The author and modification date in the document
                properties are not part of the text that is displayed. Document properties are
                metadata about the document itself. </p>
            <p>Metadata provides different ways to classify information. For example, you can:<ul
                    id="ul_awn_k1w_wr">
                    <li>Label information with a document type, like “white paper” or
                        “proposal”</li>
                    <li>Associate information with a specific product number</li>
                    <li>Indicate a user level, like “beginner,” “intermediate,” or “expert”</li>
                    <li>Indicate the audience for the content, like “manager” or “employee” </li>
                    <li>Provide status information for a topic, like “draft,” “review,” or “final” </li>
                    <li>Provide an expiration date when information is no longer valid</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>After you assign metadata to your content, you (or your reader) can use it to:<ul
                    id="ul_ex4_11w_wr">
                    <li>Find information efficiently </li>
                    <li>Support governance effort (control when information is made public or
                        removed from a web site)</li>
                    <li>Personalize information (your reader could request only beginner
                        information)</li>
                    <li>Filter information for different delivery variants (such as Windows or
                        Macintosh)</li>
                    <li>Reuse information efficiently</li>
                    <li>Indicate the language used in content</li>
                    <li>Manage project status</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In DITA and other XML formats, metadata is encoded inside your topics, either at the
                topic level or on specific elements. You can manipulate DITA content using those
                metadata values.</p>
            <p>DITA requires one piece of metadata; every topic must have an id attribute. These IDs
                are often assigned automatically by authoring tools or content management systems.
                Here is an example of a topic with an id attribute:</p>
            <pre>&lt;topic <b>id="xyz"</b>>
   &lt;title>Your title here&lt;/title>
   &lt;body>
      ....
   &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></pre>
            <p>Other elements can use the id attribute. For example the id attribute on a table
                allows you to create a cross-reference to it. Most authoring tools automatically
                assign IDs to elements that might be cross-referenced.  </p>
            <p>Your organization or your DITA setup may require additional metadata. It’s common to
                include the language of the topic with the xml:lang attribute.</p>
            <pre>&lt;topic id="xyz" xml:lang="en-us">
&lt;topic id="abc" xml:lang="de-de"></pre>
            <p>As a general rule, your readers do not see the metadata; they see the results of
                filtering or use the metadata when they search the content.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
