<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_rxt_zl5_vr3">
    <title>How do you use metadata?</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-05-01"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>You can assign metadata to DITA content in several different locations:<ul
                    id="ul_tnc_cgw_wr">
                    <li>At the topic level</li>
                    <li>At the element level</li>
                    <li>At the map file level (a map file lets you collect multiple topics to create
                        a document, help system, and so on; a later module explains map files in
                        more detail)</li>
                </ul></p>
           <p>At the topic level, DITA provides a &lt;prolog> element in which you can store
                metadata for the entire topic. Here is an example of basic topic metadata:</p>
            <pre>&lt;topic id="xyz">
  &lt;title>Metadata example&lt;/title>
  &lt;prolog>
    &lt;author>Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
    &lt;critdates>
      &lt;created date="2015-05-01"/>
    &lt;/critdates>
  &lt;/prolog>
  &lt;body>
    &lt;p>Body content goes here&lt;/p>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></pre>
            <p>The author is specified in the &lt;author> element, and &lt;critdates> provides a
                spot for &lt;created> and &lt;revised> date elements.</p>
            <p>Some useful prolog elements are:<ul id="ul_mjh_2lw_wr">
                    <li>&lt;author> (the content author)</li>
                    <li>&lt;critdates> (critical dates, such as &lt;created> and &lt;revised>)</li>
                    <li>&lt;copyright> (copyright year &lt;copyryear>, and copyright holder
                        &lt;copyrholder>)</li>
                    <li>&lt;vrm> (product version, release, and modification information)</li>
                </ul></p>
            <note type="important">Use the &lt;prolog> metadata only for system information, such as
                the author and created/revised dates. DITA doesn't use &lt;prolog> metadata to
                filter topics.</note>
            <p>At the element level, you usually use attributes in elements to specify metadata.
                Here is an example:</p>
            <pre>&lt;step>
    &lt;cmd>Locate the duckling mash box.&lt;/cmd>
    &lt;info <b>audience="novice"</b>>Consult the side of the duckling mash box to determine 
          how much mash your ducklings need.&lt;/info>
&lt;/step>
&lt;step>
    &lt;cmd>Measure out the mash for your ducks. &lt;/cmd>
&lt;/step>
&lt;step>
    &lt;cmd> Pour in the blender.&lt;/cmd>
&lt;/step>
&lt;step>
    &lt;cmd>Put in feeding pan.&lt;/cmd>
&lt;/step> </pre>
            <p>
                <draft-comment author="okeefe">need a video here</draft-comment>
            </p>
            <p>Only novices need to be reminded that the box provides measurements. When you
                generate your output, you can suppress the &lt;info> element with the audience =
                "novice" metadata for an expert-level audience. </p>
            <p>At the map level, you can specify metadata in the &lt;topicref> elements that
                reference topics. This allows you to suppress entire topics when you generate
                output. Here is an example:</p>
            <pre>&lt;topicref href="abc.dita">
&lt;topicref href="def.dita" <b>audience="novice"</b>></pre>
            <p>By default, DITA provides you with three attributes that support filtering or
                conditional processing. They are:<ul id="ul_qnb_2kw_wr">
                    <li>audience</li>
                    <li>product</li>
                    <li>platform</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>If you need additional or different filtering attributes, your information architect
                will need to specialize to define additional metadata. Some common requirements
                    are:<ul id="ul_byw_fkw_wr">
                    <li>customer, for customer-specific information</li>
                    <li>region, for information that applies only to specific geographic areas</li>
                    <li>product-family, for information that applies to a group of products</li>
                </ul></p> 
        </lcInstruction>
       
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
