<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_t3w_2tt_kf">
 <title>Avoiding legal exposure</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><indexterm>avoiding legal exposure</indexterm><indexterm>tech comm<indexterm>avoiding legal
     exposure</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>legal issues<indexterm>avoiding
    exposure</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>liability for content</indexterm>The risk of legal
   liability for product documentation varies greatly across industries and locales. That said,
   products that can harm people are of greater concern than others. Farm equipment with sharp
   blades carries higher risks than a smartphone. A software application that controls a medical
   radiation–dispensing device carries higher risks than a computer game.</p>
  <p>But as you explore how to handle legal requirements, what <i>really</i> matters is the opinion
   of your organization’s legal counsel. If the legal team wants two pages of at the beginning of
   each document warning about the possibility of decapitation by manual can opener, they will
   probably get their way.</p>
  <p>Unfortunately, most of the legal document priorities are directly at odds with creating useful
   content. An organization can focus on eliminating any legal risks in the documentation, and for a
   potentially dangerous product, this might even be appropriate. But if instructions are buried
   under extensive warnings, readers may instead turn to disclaimer-free (and maybe unreliable)
   third-party content. The risk is that maximizing legal protection may also minimize content
   consumption.</p>
  <note>
   <p>None of the information in this section is a substitute for advice from an actual legal
    professional with expertise in your specific industry and jurisdictions. (See? We all need
    disclaimers.)</p>
  </note>
  <section>
   <title>Intellectual property, patents, and limiting product claims</title>
   <p><indexterm>legal issues<indexterm>intellectual
     property</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>intellectual property</indexterm>Intellectual
    property considerations may require content restrictions. Your legal team may ask you to limit
    the amount of information you provide, or require that readers must log into a corporate site
    (and agree to the site’s terms of service) before viewing information. Establishing a
    registration requirement means that:<ul id="ul_ovf_3fz_1h">
     <li>Your web content will not be visible to Google and other search engines. Visitors cannot
      discover the information through a standard web search.</li>
     <li>The number of people who visit the site will be reduced. </li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>If there is litigation regarding a specific product claim, the legal team may provide you with
    guidelines on how to document that claim.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Warnings, cautions, and other admonitions</title>
   <p><indexterm>legal
     issues<indexterm>admonishments</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>admonishments</indexterm><indexterm>warnings</indexterm><indexterm>trademarks</indexterm>Some
    industries use standardized warnings. In the United States, for example, the ANSI warnings
    labels are common. There are some generally accepted principles for admonishments—for example,
    Danger indicates a possibility of death or injury. For software products, these standards are
    sometimes modified to indicate the risk to data rather than humans.</p>
   <p>It is common to see a raft of warnings at the beginning of a document. From a legal
    perspective, putting warnings at the front of a document makes the document more defensible.
    From a reader’s perspective, it probably makes more sense to put the warning very close to the
    step that is potentially problematic.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Trademarks</title>
   <p><indexterm>legal
     issues<indexterm>trademarks</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>trademarks</indexterm>Here are
    some examples of trademarks used incorrectly:<ul id="ul_yft_rt2_rg">
     <li>I Skyped my brother last week.</li>
     <li>I googled, but I couldn’t find anything useful.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Cease-and-desist letters notwithstanding, it is unlikely that you can stop people from
    misusing trademarks in this way in casual conversation or in social media. For more formal
    content, however, trademarks should be used correctly (even though it is highly awkward):<ul
     id="ul_pp5_yt2_rg">
     <li>I used Skype to call my brother. (Or, for the real sticklers: I used Skype software to call
      my brother.)</li>
     <li>My Google search didn’t find anything useful.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Verbifying (or nominalizing) trademarks is frowned upon by the trademark owners.</p>
   <p>Most technical documents have a list of trademarks at the beginning of the book, which looks
    something like the following:<lq>Oracle, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, and Retek are registered
     trademarks of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their
     respective owners.<fn><xref
       href="http://docs.oracle.com/cd/B19306_01/server.102/b14200/title.htm" scope="external"
       format="html">docs.oracle.com/cd/B19306_01/server.102/b14200/title.htm</xref>, captured May
      30, 2012</fn></lq></p>
    <p>A more detailed version from Microsoft:</p>
    <lq>
     <p>Information in this document is subject to change without notice.</p>
     <p>Companies, names, and data used in examples herein are fictitious unless otherwise noted. No
      part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic
      or mechanical, for any purpose, without the express written permission of Microsoft
      Corporation. </p>
     <p>© 1995–96 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. </p>
     <p>Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, ActiveX, AutoSum, Bookshelf, Encarta, FoxPro, FrontPage,
      IntelliMouse, IntelliSense, MSN, Microsoft At Work, Microsoft Press, Multiplan, Outlook,
      PivotTable, PowerPoint, Rushmore, Visual Basic, Windows, Windows NT, Wingdings, XL and design
      (the Microsoft Excel logo) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft
      Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.</p>
     <p>Apple and TrueType are registered trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. </p>
     <p>The Mac OS Logo is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. used under license. </p>
     <p>MathType is a trademark of Design Science, Inc. </p>
     <p>Genigraphics and In Focus Systems are registered trademarks of In Focus Systems, Inc. </p>
     <p>NetWare and Novell are registered trademarks of Novell, Inc.</p>
     <p>Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective
        owners.<fn><xref href="http://www.biggs.org/office/gettingresults/OFCCPYRT.HTM"
        scope="external" format="html"
        >biggs.org/office/gettingresults/OFCCPYRT.HTM</xref>, captured May 30,
      2012</fn></p>
    </lq>
   <p>As with all of these matters, you should consult your legal counsel to determine whether a
    blanket “other names may be trademarks” (as in the first example) is acceptable or whether an
    explicit list of trademarks is required (as in the second example). If you are required to
    provide a detailed list, automate the production of this list, as it is in no
    way a value-added technical communication project. A few techniques that we have used are:<ul
     id="ul_1lr_rst_kg">
     <li><i>Default copyright/trademark list.</i> All deliverables get the same list of copyrights
      and trademarks, so the list is set up once and then reused.</li>
     <li><i>Automatically generated list from explicit markup.</i> Each trademark that occurs in
      text is marked as a trademark (or registered trademark). The trademark list is generated from
      the marked-up items. For
      example:<codeblock>We use &lt;trademark type="tm">MathType&lt;/trademark> to create equations.</codeblock></li>
     <li>Automatically generated list from reference list: We create a universal list of trademarks
      in a separate file. When it’s time to generate output, the trademark list is generated by
      filtering the global list to include only the items that occur in that deliverable.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>The last option requires the most setup and the least ongoing maintenance work. The middle
    option requires the author to do some ongoing work. The first option is the simplest and most
    appealing if you can get your legal team to agree to it.</p>
   <p>In addition to the trademark list in the front matter, you may also need to mark trademarks in
    the actual text. The traditional rule is that you must indicate a trademark on the first
    occurrence of that item. Unfortunately, that works better in books than in online content, where
    “first occurrence” a bit hard to define. Your choices for trademark indicators are as
     follows:<ul id="ul_pgj_5tt_kg">
     <li>Do not mark any trademarks in text.</li>
     <li>Mark the first occurrence in a book, chapter, or web page (preferably in an automated way;
      otherwise, your authors will be annoyed).</li>
     <li>Mark every occurrence of a trademarked term (guaranteed to annoy your readers and, if done
      manually, infuriate your authors).</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
