<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_mjn_ktt_kf">
 <title>Third-party books</title>
 <conbody>
 
   
   <p><indexterm>third-party books</indexterm><indexterm>books,
     third-party</indexterm><indexterm>product<indexterm>third-party
   books</indexterm></indexterm>Especially for niche products, product visibility is greatly
   enhanced by technical content written by an outsider. A third-party book authored by a
   high-profile industry expert makes the product more credible. You could directly subsidize a
   book, especially if your market is currently too small to make a book financially viable for the
   author. If you don’t want to get involved directly in a third-party project, many of the
   techniques described in the section on <xref href="community.dita#concept_qx3_1lc_jf"
    format="dita">user community and loyalty</xref> can help nurture potential authors.</p>
   <p><indexterm>credibility of outsiders</indexterm>It is possible or even likely that an outsider
   will criticize your product. The best response is to engage in a discussion, rather than
   attempting to stifle their point of view. For example, tell an industry leader that a missing
   feature is under development for the next version, and ask him or her for feedback on how to
   implement it. Remember that the outsiders often have more credibility precisely because they are
   outsiders and not employed by the product developer. </p>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
