<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kh2_b21_rt">
    <title>Create templates</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-09-24"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>When a reference work consists of multiple topics—one for each command, function
                call, or other serial component—each of the topics should follow the same
                organization. For example, each topic in a command line reference could contain a
                brief description, the command syntax, a description of the parameters, an in-depth
                discussion, examples, and potential error messages. This allows readers to
                consistently find the same type of information in the same area of each topic.</p>
            <p>Each of these items should be contained in a &lt;section> element within the
                &lt;refbody> element, along with a &lt;title> element that labels the section. </p>
            <p>If you need to create many of these topics, consider creating a template. A template
                is a standalone DITA topic that does not contain much content, but has the necessary
                repeatable structure in place. For example, you could create a reference topic that
                contains each of the sections and the &lt;title> element. Add text in each section
                indicating that it is a placeholder section. </p>
            <note>The template will need to include an id attribute on the &lt;reference> element;
                make sure content creators know to avoid creating duplicate IDs. One way to do this
                is to use an explicit placeholder value for the id attribute, like id="DUMMY", so
                that content creators are know to replace it with a valid value. </note>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
