<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_rcq_vht_qt">
    <title>Creating a new reference topic</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-10-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>At a minimum, the reference topic must contain a &lt;reference> root element (with an
                id attribute) that contains a &lt;title> element. </p>
            <p>Following the &lt;title> element and an optional &lt;shortdesc> element, a
                &lt;refbody> element contains the reference content. The elements within the
                &lt;refbody> can occur in just about any order, although you usually use the
                &lt;section> element to organize standard sections of a reference topic. </p>
            <!--<p><xref href="https://youtu.be/7E7RYKHQ6C4" format="html" scope="external">Video: Creating a DITA task topic</xref></p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file l_ref_start.dita and open it in your editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                            mode, rather than author or visual mode. </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
&lt;reference id="my_first_ref">
   &lt;title>xyz&lt;/title>

&lt;/ref></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The first line (which begins with <tt>&lt;?xml</tt>) is an XML
                            declaration, which is a standard part of all XML files.</p>
                        <p>The second line is the DOCTYPE declaration, which tells DITA editors or
                            DITA output generators that this is a DITA reference topic. The programs
                            then use that information when validating the content of the topic. The
                            DOCTYPE will be specific to each topic type that you create. </p>
                        <p>The third line contains the opening tag of the &lt;reference>
                            element.</p>
                        <p>The fourth line contains the title element.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <!--<step><cmd>Depending on the editor you are using: </cmd><choices id="choices_uy2_lkh_1t"><choice><p><b>DITA-aware editor</b>: Use the File > New... command to create a new task topic. Make sure you don't use the general task. </p></choice><choice><p><b>Text editor</b>: Create a new file that contains this text:</p><pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">

&lt;/task></pre></choice><choice><p><b>Samples</b>: Make a copy of the file 1_new_task.dita and open it in your editor.</p></choice></choices></step>-->
                <!--<step><cmd>If you are using a DITA-aware editor, switch to text view.</cmd><info>A DITA-aware editor will often create a </info></step>-->
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, update the text of the reference title.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
&lt;reference id="my_first_ref">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Types of wild ducks&lt;/title></ph>

&lt;/reference></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;title> element, add a &lt;refbody> element.</cmd>
                    <info>The &lt;refbody> element contains all the actual content in the reference. </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
&lt;reference id="my_first_ref">
   &lt;title>Types of wild ducks&lt;/title>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;refbody>

   &lt;/refbody> </ph>
&lt;/reference></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>This is the essential part of a DITA reference topic. The rest of this
                        lesson shows you how to add the first two child elements to the
                        &lt;refbody> element.</info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
