<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_ls3_2yg_vt">
    <title>Organizing glossary entries in a map</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-10-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Usually the glossary entry topics are gathered together in one or more DITA map
                files. The content of the map files and their organization depend greatly on the
                needs of your organization and the capabilities of your DITA output transforms. If
                you have a robust output transform, you will have more options in how you can
                structure your glossary map files.</p>
            <p>The most straightforward strategy for glossary organization is to create a DITA map
                file that contains &lt;topicref> elements for each of your glossary entries. </p>
            <pre dir="ltr" id="docs-internal-guid-ab43f4b0-b484-eb92-a3ed-876226a0eddc">&lt;map&gt;
   &lt;title&gt;Duck glossary&lt;/title&gt;
   &lt;topicref href="g_acorns.dita"/&gt;
   &lt;topicref href="g_aythyinae.dita"/&gt;
   &lt;topicref href="g_canvasback.dita"/&gt;
   ...
&lt;/map&gt;</pre>
            <p>If the contents of this single glossary map file are arranged alphabetically, you can
                generate a usable glossary with the standard DITA output types without having to
                sort entries in the output transform.</p>
            <note>The contents of the &lt;title> in this map file are mostly there to assist the
                writers. If this glossary map will be used in other maps, the contents of the
                &lt;title> is ignored when the maps are merged.</note>
            <p>Once you have created this glossary map, you can include it in any of your other maps
                (with a &lt;topicref> or &lt;mapref> element).</p>
            <p>However, the world of glossary creation is often much messier and complex than simply
                organizing all entries in a single map. When your organization actually begins to
                implement DITA as part of your content strategy, it’s a good idea to work with a
                DITA stylesheet developer to handle glossary information that’s organized in a way
                that works for you and to generate the glossary output you need.</p>
            <p>Some things to keep in mind about glossary organization and output: </p>
            <ul id="ul_dn3_n1n_vt">
                <li>
                    <p>If you have several different contributing organizations, each of them may
                        maintain a separate set of glossary entries. These will need to be merged
                        (and sorted) as part of the output process.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Similarly, different product lines may have different glossaries that may
                        need to be merged, depending on some conditions or requirements. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>There may be other reasons for maintaining a number of separate glossary maps
                        and merging them later.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>An output transform can also incorporate glossary entries from glossary group
                        topics into an output glossary. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>If your content will be translated, it’s highly likely that the glossary will
                        need to be sorted for your target language. If your output transform handles
                        the sorting tasks, your localization agency does not have to be responsible
                        for sorting the translated glossary entries. </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>All of these situations can be handled by a well-crafted output transform. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_pdh_s5m_vt">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file l_glossorg_start.ditamap and open it in your
                        editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>Opening a map file in an XML editor will often open the file in a
                            different interface than when opening a DITA file. You may need to go
                            through an extra step to open it within the editing interface.</note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "map.dtd">
&lt;map>
   &lt;title>&lt;/title>
&lt;/map>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, type a title for the map</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "map.dtd">
&lt;map>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Duck glossary&lt;/title></ph>
&lt;/map>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;title> element, add a &lt;topicref> element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "map.dtd">
&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Duck glossary&lt;/title>
   <ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;topicref href="l_glossentry.dita"/></ph>
&lt;/map>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>If you used a different name when you saved your file from the glossary
                        entry exercise, use that filename instead of l_glossentry.dita. </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you created other glossary entry files, add topicref elements for each
                        of those files. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_fvl_13n_vt">
        <title>Exercise</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file lesson3/l_glossary_exercise_start.dita and use it to convert
                        the following content into DITA:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note><p>While this exercise uses a single DITA file for conversion, it is
                                also acceptable to convert it into a map with glossary
                            entries.</p></note>
                        <pre outputclass="passthru"><![CDATA[
<hr/>
<h3>Content strategy terms</h3>
<i>structured authoring</i>
<p>An environment for creating content where the required structure is enforced by the authoring software and following the template is not optional</p>

<i>structured content</i>
<p>Information that is organized in a predictable way</p>

<i>searchable content</i>
<p>Information that is available via an Internet search</p>

<i>findable content</i>
<p>Information that performs well for relevant keywords</p>

<i>discoverable content</i>
<p>Information that has in-bound links, especially on social media</p>

]]></pre>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>

        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
