<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="lc_about_reltables">
    <title>Best practices for using conrefs</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Mike Rice, easyDITA</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Annie Chen, easyDITA</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-11" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p><b>Use warehouse folders and topics</b></p>
            <p>Avoid “spaghetti” documentation by maintaining all your reusable components in
                warehouse folders and topics.</p>
            <p>Organize the warehouse topics in reusable maps and incorporate those maps into your
                maps with &lt;mapref processing-role="resource-only">.</p>
            <p><b>Agree to naming conventions for files and IDs</b></p>
            <p>Although most DITA editors will automatically assign unique IDs to elements that
                might be reused, it is often preferable to give human-readable IDs to reusable
                elements. The down side to this is that there’s a much greater chance of ID
                collisions. You can do the following to help avoid these collisions</p>
            <ul id="ul_drc_hz3_mw">
                <li>Create a naming convention for the IDs so that there’s a much lower chance of
                    collisions</li>
                <li>Establish a clearing house for all ID values, so that you can quickly determine
                    if an ID is unique. This might be as simple as a shared spreadsheet or even a
                    text document, but can also be much more complicated, if necessary.</li>
                <li>Use a map in the warehouse folder to validate newly added reusable elements. The
                    validator will flag duplicate IDs. Do this before committing content updates to
                    your CCMS or source control. </li>
            </ul>
            <p><b>Make sure your topics and elements are reusable</b></p>
            <p>As was explained in the lesson on creating reusable topics, what might seem to work
                well when using conrefs in English content might not work well when the content is
                translated. </p>
            <ul id="ul_qcd_xry_dw">
                <li>Don’t use conref with the &lt;ph> element to replace parts
                    of a sentence.</li>
                <li>Use extreme caution when using conref to reuse whole
                    sentences. </li>
                <li>When you do conref, do it with whole block elements that
                    meet the following requirements: <ul id="ul_rcd_xry_dw">
                        <li>The reused content is grammatically independent.</li>
                        <li>The referenced element and referencing element use the same
                            context.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p><b>Communication is everything</b></p>
            <p>Before you make changes to warehouse topics, make sure you know where the topics and
                their contents are used. Some content management systems provide tools for finding
                all referring topics or maps. If you have these tools, use them.</p>
            <p>Involve all stakeholders in the decision to modify shared content. You might find
                that to satisfy all consumers of shared content, you need to create a separate
                version of the content. You want to avoid the situation where changes to shared
                content breaks—or introduces falsehoods into—documents. </p>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_conrefs_best_practices">
        <title>On Your Own</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_nby_y3z_lw">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file samples/conrefs/t_watching_wild_ducks_start.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the first paragraph in the prerequisites, create a conref to the
                        only paragraph in the topic file samples/conrefs/c_duck_safety.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Check your file samples/conrefs/t_watching_wild_ducks_start.dita against
                        the file samples/conrefs/t_watching_wild_ducks.dita.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
