<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningTreeContent.dtd">
<learningContent  id="lt-content-6076">
   <title>Reusing across topics</title>
   <shortdesc/>
   <prolog>
      <author type="creator" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Mike Rice, easyDITA</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Annie Chen, easyDITA</author>
      <critdates>
         <created golive="2016-07-11" date="2016-05-11"/>
      </critdates>
   </prolog>
   <learningContentbody>
      <lcInstruction>
         <p>When publishing a topic that reuses content from another topic, the
            content references can be resolved only if the referenced elements are reachable through
            the publication map. For example: <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>If the topics containing the referenced element and
                     referencing element are in the same map then conrefs between those topics can
                     be resolved through the context of that map.</p>
               </li>
               <li>
                  <p>If the topics containing the referenced element and
                     referencing element are in separate maps but those maps are part of the overall
                     map structure of the same published map, the conrefs between those topics can
                     be resolved through the context of the publication map.</p>
               </li>
            </ul></p>
         <p>Ordinarily, if a topic is included by a topicref in one of the maps,
            it will be published along with all the other topics. But you wouldn’t want to publish a
            warehouse of reusable content along with your publication. To mark resources of this
            sort that aren’t intended for publication, set the topicref’s processing-role attribute
            to resource-only. </p>
         <p>In the following example, task.dita will be published, but
            warnings.dita will not. However, warnings.dita is available for resolving references
            from task.dita or any other topics in the map. </p>
         <pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;map&gt;
... 
  &lt;topicref href="warehouse/warnings.dita" processing-role="resource-only"/&gt;
...
  &lt;topicref href="topics/task.dita"/&gt;
...
&lt;/map&gt;
		   </pre>
         <p>
            <note type="note">When working in a component content management
               system, the system might resolve conrefs and other direct references that appear in a
               topic you’re viewing or editing, even without a common context set through a map.
               But, depending on your publishing configuration, those references might not resolve
               when the topic is published. The best practice is to have topics with the referenced
               element and referencing element in the same map or one of its submaps.</note>
         </p>
      </lcInstruction>
   </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
