<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_xyj_ddc_bt">
    <title>Giving the user choices</title>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>As part of giving a reader an instruction, there may be more than one way to do
                things. For example, when using an auto stereo system, the user has the choice of
                which mode to use (AM, FM, CD, line-in, and so on). </p>
            <p>To present this information, and to give it a semantically appropriate label, you can
                use the &lt;choices> or &lt;choicetable> elements. Both present choices:  use
                &lt;choices> when the choices only require a brief description; use &lt;choicetable>
                when you need to provide more information. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_pcm_2dc_bt">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_qjd_3fc_bt">
                <step>
                    <note>These steps resume the example that runs continuously through this course.
                        In the first step here the complete task topic is shown; in subsequent
                        steps, only the elements central to the discussion will be shown. </note>
                    <cmd>In the example task topic, add a new &lt;step> element after the last
                        &lt;step> element. Inside the &lt;step>, create a &lt;cmd> element (if one
                        isn’t created for you), and add the content shown here:</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="task_topic">
   &lt;title>&lt;/title>
   &lt;taskbody>
      &lt;prereq>
      &lt;/prereq>
      &lt;context>
      &lt;/context>
      &lt;steps>
         &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>(Text TBD)&lt;/cmd>
            &lt;info>&lt;p>(Text TBD)&lt;/p>&lt;/info>
         &lt;/step>
         &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>(Text TBD)&lt;/cmd>
         &lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
   &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the new &lt;cmd> element, add a &lt;choices> element. </cmd>
                    <info>If your editor does not automatically add a first &lt;choice> element
                        inside the &lt;choices> element, add one now.</info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;step>
   &lt;cmd>(TEXT TBD)&lt;/cmd>
   &lt;choices>
      &lt;choice>(TEXT TBD)&lt;/choice>
   &lt;/choices>
&lt;/step>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
