<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    <title>Creating a new task topic</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The minimal DITA task topic is much like the minimal topic discussed in previous
                courses: a &lt;task> root element (with an id attribute) that contains a &lt;title>
                element. </p>
            <p>Following the &lt;title> element and an optional &lt;shortdesc> element, use a
                &lt;taskbody> element to contain the task content. </p>
            <p>Within the &lt;taskbody> the elements in a strict task conform to a very specific
                order. The elements in the &lt;taskbody> are presented in this course in the order
                in which they occur. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file task_sample_1.dita and open it in your
                        editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                            mode, rather than Author or visual mode. </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   &lt;title>&lt;/title>

&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The first line (which begins with <tt>&lt;?xml</tt>) is an XML
                            declaration, which is a standard part of all XML files.</p>
                        <p>The second line is the DOCTYPE declaration, which tells DITA editors or
                            DITA output generators that this is a DITA strict task topic. The
                            programs then use that information when validating the content of the
                            topic. The DOCTYPE will be different for each topic type that you create
                            (including the general task). </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <!--<step><cmd>Depending on the editor you are using: </cmd><choices id="choices_uy2_lkh_1t"><choice><p><b>DITA-aware editor</b>: Use the File > New... command to create a new task topic. Make sure you don't use the general task. </p></choice><choice><p><b>Text editor</b>: Create a new file that contains this text:</p><pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">

&lt;/task></pre></choice><choice><p><b>Samples</b>: Make a copy of the file 1_new_task.dita and open it in your editor.</p></choice></choices></step>-->
                <!--<step><cmd>If you are using a DITA-aware editor, switch to text view.</cmd><info>A DITA-aware editor will often create a </info></step>-->
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, add the task title.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Watching wild ducks&lt;/title></ph>

&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;title>, add a &lt;taskbody> element.</cmd>
                    <info>The &lt;taskbody> contains all the actual content in the task. </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   &lt;title>Watching wild ducks&lt;/title>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;taskbody>

   &lt;/taskbody></ph>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>This is the essential part of a DITA strict task topic. The two remaining
                        steps in this unit add the first two child elements to the &lt;taskbody>
                        element.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;taskbody> element, add a &lt;prereq> element.</cmd>
                    <info>The &lt;prereq> element lists prerequisites to perform the task. These
                        prerequisites can include (but is not limited to):<ul id="ul_glj_1pb_bt">
                            <li>Things the reader must have in hand</li>
                            <li>Information the reader must have</li>
                            <li>Previous tasks the reader must have accomplished</li>
                        </ul></info>
                    <stepxmp><ph>(The next two examples only show the contents of the &lt;taskbody>
                            element; the other task elements are there, they’re just not shown, for
                            clarity.)</ph><pre>&lt;taskbody>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;prereq>
         &lt;p>Before you go watching wild ducks, make sure you know what a wild duck looks like.&lt;/p>
   &lt;/prereq></ph>

&lt;/taskbody></pre></stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;prereq> element, add a &lt;context> element.</cmd>
                    <info>The &lt;context> element describes the purpose of the task.  This can
                        include background information or what the user will gain by performing the
                        task. The &lt;context> should be relatively brief; if you need to provide
                        more detailed background information, consider creating a concept topic. </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;taskbody>
   &lt;prereq>
         &lt;p>Before you go watching wild ducks, make sure you know what a wild duck looks like.&lt;/p>
   &lt;/prereq>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;context>
      &lt;p>Watching wild ducks can be calming and recreational. &lt;/p>
      &lt;p>Read this to learn more about what you need to have a satisfying duck-watching
         experience.   &lt;/p>
   &lt;/context></ph>

&lt;/taskbody></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>At this point, the task has a title, a set of prerequisites, and a
                        context. The next lesson covers how to add the actual steps to the task. </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
