<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_ajf_qch_1t">
    <title>作业和样本文件</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-14"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <draft-comment author="simonbate">确保以上也适用于各种转换。</draft-comment>
            <p>现在请下载压缩文件包：<xref href="http://www.learningdita.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/task_samples.zip" format="zip" scope="external">task_samples.zip</xref>。它包含本节课所有的示例文件。提取内容并将其置于易于查找的目录中。</p>
            <p>在样例文件夹中，你可以找到文件l_task_start.dita，用于完成课程的练习。你也可以找到本节课程中其他章节的文件夹：lesson1、lesson2和lesson3。</p>
            <p>每节课程对应的文件夹中，你可以找到以下三类DITA文件：</p>
            <ul id="ul_lx2_fj2_2t">
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>.dita:你在每节课所做的练习可与完整版本的示例文件对比参照。</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise_start.dita:内容为空的文件，用于完成每一课时最后的练习。</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise.dita:你完成练习后的文件，可用于检查。</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>每个课程章节都会告诉你练习时需要使用的文件。请在完成每一步后保存文件以免内容丢失。 </p>
            <p>在完成课程后，为每个要处理的文件创建本地副本。如果你做着做着发现文件与例子不匹配，或者是文件坏掉了，那么你可以做一个全新的副本接着往下做，也可以重头再来。</p>
            <p>我们将展示每个样例文件的DITA代码。大多数DITA编辑器支持自动添加元素标签或类似的功能（例如，在你输入一个元素的起始标记后，大多数的DITA编辑器会自动添加一个相应的结束标签）。因此你可能不需要从头编写代码。我们的演示视频展示了<xref href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/" format="html" scope="external">oXygen XML编辑器</xref>的两个视图的不同之处，一个是将DITA内容更友好地展示给作者的可视化的写作视图，另一个是显示DITA源代码的文本视图。</p>
            <!--<p>The sample files for AuthoringDITA task topics are in the zip file task_samples.zip. Download this file to a location on your hard drive that you’ll remember, then extract the contents to a folder. </p><p>The exercises in this course follow in sequence, each exercise builds on the work completed in the previous exercise. You can use the first sample file as a starting point for the exercises in this course.</p><p>Use the subsequent sample files to check your work. If you reach a point where your exercise file doesn’t match the examples, or is broken for any reason, you can use the sample file from the previous exercise to resume your work. </p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>