<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lc_about_reltables">
    <title>About relationship tables</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-17"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>Relationship tables specify how DITA topics in a map relate to one another. Their
                prime use is for maintaining sets of related links. They can also define
                associations among DITA topics and non-DITA resources. </p>
            <p>Relationship tables are contained in DITA maps. </p>
            <note>Although the information is maintained in a tabular format and the containers are
                called "relationship tables" the table itself is never displayed in output. </note>
            <p>A relationship table is contained in the &lt;reltable> element. The &lt;reltable>
                element is always a child of the &lt;map> or &lt;bookmap> element; a map or bookmap
                can contain multiple &lt;reltable> elements. The location of the &lt;reltable> is
                different for maps and bookmaps:<ul id="ul_mbv_stx_3v">
                    <li>In a &lt;map> element, the &lt;reltable> elements can occur anywhere in the
                        map. However, it is usually placed at the end of the &lt;map> (after the
                        &lt;topicref> elements). </li>
                    <li>In a &lt;bookmap> element, the &lt;reltable> elements must occur at the end
                        of the bookmap.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In maps and bookmaps, the &lt;topicref> elements indicates the order and hierarchical
                structure of the content. The &lt;topicref> elements are also used in relationship
                tables, but in that case the position of the &lt;topicref> in the table indicates
                the topics relationship with other topics.  </p>
            <p>The rows in a relationship table contain related sets of content, such as all topics
                that pertain to a specific system component, or all topics that are related to a
                particular operation.  </p>
            <p>Each column in the relationship table contain a similar <i>type</i> of information,
                such as concept, task, and reference. </p>
            <p/>
            <p>Tools that create output from your DITA topics can use the relationship table to
                create links among related topics.</p>
            <p>Not displayed in output. </p>
            <p>Move relationships from topics into maps; promotes reuse because individual topics no
                longer link to other topics; related links depend on maps. </p>
            <p>Makes maintenance of linked topics much easier. </p>
            <p>
                <draft-comment author="simonbate"
                    >http://dita.xml.org/improving-relationships-relationship-tables (another
                    approach to linking attribute)</draft-comment>
            </p>
            <p/>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
