<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="lc_advanced_reltable">
    <title>Advanced relationship tables</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-25"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro/>
        <section>
            <title>The collection-type attribute</title>
            <p>The DITA specification states that when a cell in the relationship table contains
                multiple &lt;topicref> elements, the generated topics indicated in that cell do not
                link to one another. However, if the collection-type attribute on  the &lt;relcell>
                element has the value "family", all of the topics referenced in in that &lt;relcell>
                element will link to one another.  </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>The linking attribute</title>
            <p>Typically, when two topics (topic A and topic B) are found in the same row of a
                relationship table (but in different columns), the output topic A will contain a
                link to topic B, and topic B will contain a link to topic A. However, in some cases
                this behavior is not necessary or is not wanted. </p>
            <p>Topic B might be a common task or a glossary term that is associated with a many
                concepts. We might want topic A (and other topics) to link to topic B, but we don't
                want topic B to link back to topic A (or any of the other topics). In this case, we
                modify the &lt;topicref> element for topic B by adding the linking attribute and
                setting it to the value "targetonly".  </p>
            <p>Conversely, topic A might be a “landing page” for a help system; we may want to use
                it as an entry point that links to a number of different topics, but we don't want
                the topics to refer back to the page (for whatever reason). In this case, we add the
                linking attribute to the &lt;topicref> for topic A and use the value "sourceonly".
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Labeling columns</title>
            <p>When generating output, the DITA Open Toolkit can use the topic types in the
                &lt;relcolspec> to group sets of related links (typically into sections labeled
                “Concept”, “Task”, and “Reference”). Other output generators can follow this same
                practice.  You can override this labeling by using a &lt;title> element in the
                &lt;relcolspec> element</p>
            <pre>&lt;relcolspec type="task">
   &lt;title>Referenced in these tasks&lt;/title>
&lt;/relcolspec></pre>
            <p>The &lt;relcolspec> element can also contain a &lt;topicref> to a topic that provides
                more information about the column itself. For a full description of the contents of
                the &lt;relcolspec> element, see <xref
                    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/relcolspec.html"
                    format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        </section>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
