<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_lwj_t3w_kv">
    <title>Frontmatter, backmatter, and booklists</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-07"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The &lt;frontmatter> and &lt;backmatter> elements are optional in a bookmap. They
                contain information about the document that appears before or after the main body
                content, respectively. The &lt;frontmatter> element must appear before the first
                &lt;chapter> element but after the &lt;bookmeta> element, if present. The
                &lt;backmatter> element must appear before the &lt;reltable> element but after the
                last &lt;chapter> or &lt;appendix> element, if present.</p>
            <p>The &lt;frontmatter> and &lt;backmatter> elements are most commonly used to contain
                the &lt;booklists> element. Booklists  indicate to a DITA processor where to place
                automatically generated output, such as a table of contents or an index. Common
                elements inside the &lt;booklists> element include:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><p>&lt;toc></p></li>
                <li><p>&lt;indexlist></p></li>
                <li><p>&lt;glossarylist></p></li>
            </ul>
            <p>The &lt;toc> element directs the DITA processor to generate a table of contents at
                that location in the map. The table of contents is generated from the hierarchical
                structure of the map. No additional information is required. </p>
            <p>The &lt;indexlist> element directs the DITA processor to generate an index at that
                location in the map. The index is generated from &lt;indexterm> elements within the
                map and topics. If there are no &lt;indexterm> elements within the map or topic
                files, no index entries will be created.</p>
            <p>The &lt;glossarylist> element can contain either one or more &lt;topicref> elements
                linking to glossary entries or one or more &lt;mapref> elements linking to glossary
                maps. Glossary entries and glossary maps may be used outside of a &lt;glossarylist>,
                but grouping them within a &lt;glossarylist> allows you to filter and format them
                more uniformly.</p><note>
                <p>For more information about the &lt;frontmatter> and &lt;backmatter> elements, see
                        <xref
                        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/frontmatter.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">frontmatter</xref> and <xref
                        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langref/backmatter.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">backmatter</xref> in the OASIS DITA Version
                    1.2 Standard.</p>
                </note>
            <p><xref href="https://youtu.be/Z6Df7sG4Olk" format="html" scope="external">Video: The DITA booklists element</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_t55_thx_kv">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Continue using the file
                        maps_bookmaps_samples/samples/_b_ducks_advanced_start.ditamap.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;bookmeta> element, add a &lt;frontmatter> element and add
                        content to it as shown in the following example:</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE bookmap PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA BookMap//EN" "bookmap.dtd">
&lt;bookmap id="ducks">
...
&lt;/bookmeta>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">&lt;frontmatter>
    &lt;booklists>
        &lt;toc/>
    &lt;/booklists>
&lt;/frontmatter></ph></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the final &lt;chapter> element, add a &lt;backmatter> element and add
                        content to it as shown in the following example:</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE bookmap PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA BookMap//EN" "bookmap.dtd">
&lt;bookmap id="ducks">
...
&lt;/chapter>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">
&lt;backmatter>
    &lt;booklists>
        &lt;glossarylist>
            &lt;mapref href="g_duck_glossgroup.dita"/>
        &lt;/glossarylist>
        &lt;indexlist/>
    &lt;/booklists>
&lt;/backmatter></ph></pre>
                        <p>The &lt;glossarylist> element indicates that the glossary comes from a
                            specific file. The &lt;indexlist> element indicates that the DITA
                            processor should generate an index from the topics in the map. </p>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
