<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Overview: maps vs. bookmaps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-07"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Bookmaps extend the functionality of maps by providing elements that allow you to
                create book-like structures, such as chapters, frontmatter, and backmatter. Although
                maps and bookmaps share a similar structure, bookmaps contain a more expansive set
                of elements, which provide many more options for preparing your content for
                publication—particularly if you have large amounts of it. This makes bookmaps better
                suited to publishing content in book format, and more flexible than maps
                overall.</p>
            <p>When you're deciding whether to compile your topics into a map or a bookmap, your
                publication and delivery process should be a major factor. If you need to deliver
                your content in print or PDF form, it is generally recommended that you use bookmaps
                instead of maps. Maps are sufficient for online distribution, but bookmaps are
                better if you plan to publish in both print and electronic formats.</p>
            <p>One of the main differences between bookmaps and maps is the ability to have chapters
                in a bookmap. In a map, you can nest second-level topics under a first-level topic
                to create a hierarchy. In a bookmap, you can designate these first-level topics as
                container topics for chapters. Although the hierarchical structure of topics is the
                same, there is added semantic value in calling a first-level topic and the topics
                contained within it a chapter. When you publish the same set of topics in a map
                versus a bookmap, your output transforms can apply different styling based on the
                presence of chapters.</p>
            <p>Bookmaps also give you much more flexible options than maps for defining metadata.
                You can define metadata in the bookmap, in the frontmatter and backmatter, and in
                each chapter, topic reference, or map reference you add to the bookmap. There are
                more metadata elements available for bookmaps than there are for maps, and many of
                these elements are specific to book-like structures and therefore better suited to
                publishing your content.</p>
            <p>A bookmap is a DITA map file that uses the &lt;bookmap> element rather than the
                &lt;map> element as a container for its topic and map references. While maps and
                bookmaps have a similar structure, a bookmap contains a different and more expansive
                set of elements. This makes it more flexible and better suited to publishing larger
                amounts of content in book format.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
