<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="lc_creating_reltable">
    <title>Creating a relationship table</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2016-03-21"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>A relationship table is contained in the &lt;reltable> element. The &lt;reltable>
                element is always a child of the &lt;map> or &lt;bookmap> element. A map or bookmap
                can contain multiple &lt;reltable> elements. </p>
            <p>The location of the &lt;reltable> is different for maps and bookmaps:<ul
                    id="ul_mbv_stx_3v">
                <li>In a map, the &lt;reltable> elements can occur anywhere in the map. However, it is usually placed at the end of the &lt;map> (after the last of the &lt;topicref> elements).
                </li>
                    <li>In a bookmap, the &lt;reltable> elements must occur as the last elements in
                        the bookmap (that is, before the &lt;/bookmap> tag).</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Each column in a relationship table contains a similar type of information. The types
                of information in each of the columns is defined by &lt;relcolspec> elements in the
                relationship table header row (&lt;relheader>). </p>
            <p>In the relationship table’s most common form, the &lt;relcolspec> elements define columns for concept, task, and reference topics. However, a relationship table is not limited to those types.
            </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_zh2_srt_jv">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_bms_trt_jv">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file maps_bookmaps_samples/samples/_reltable_start.ditamap. </cmd>
                    <info>This map is already populated with &lt;topicref> elements. </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>At the end of the file, before the &lt;/map> tag, add a &lt;reltable>
                        element.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>...
    &lt;/topichead>
    &lt;/topicref>
    
    &lt;mapref href="g_duck_glossorg.ditamap" format="ditamap"/>
    
<ph outputclass="newchanged">    &lt;reltable title="Ducks reltable">
    &lt;/reltable>
 </ph>
&lt;/map>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>Note that you can use the title attribute in the &lt;reltable> element to
                        help identify the purpose of the relationship table, but the title is never
                        displayed on output. </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the relationship table, add a &lt;relheader> element that contains
                        three &lt;relcolspec> elements. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;reltable title="Ducks reltable">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">    &lt;relheader>
        &lt;relcolspec/>
        &lt;relcolspec/>
        &lt;relcolspec/>
    &lt;/relheader>
</ph>&lt;/reltable>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add type attributes to each of the three &lt;relcolspec> elements for
                        concept, task, and reference. </cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>
&lt;relheader><ph outputclass="newchanged">
    &lt;relcolspec type="concept"/>
    &lt;relcolspec type="task"/>
    &lt;relcolspec type="reference"/>
</ph>&lt;/relheader>
</pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <postreq>Continue populating the &lt;reltable> elment in the next topic.</postreq>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
