<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Conrefs in action</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p class="- topic/p ">When you conref an element, the element itself, and all its
                contents are inserted at the location of the referencing element. This includes any
                other elements that the referenced element contains. This means, for example, that
                if a referenced paragraph contains a &lt;uicontrol> element, the paragraph and the
                &lt;uicontrol> element contained within it are inserted at the location of the
                referencing element. This also means that a reference to a &lt;ol> element includes
                all the &lt;li> elelments that are contained by the &lt;ol> element. <draft-comment
                    author="simonbate">"are inserted" is passive. </draft-comment></p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">A conref directly references a reused element using its id and
                location. The location is the path to the topic that contains the reused content,
                and the id is the id of the element to be reused. In DITA not every element requires
                an id, but it is required for any reused element. <draft-comment author="simonbate"
                    >id and location should be transposed, because that's the way they are in the
                    conref.</draft-comment></p>
            <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">If the element you want to reuse does not have
                an id, your content management system might prompt you to create an id for the
                reused element as one of the steps in creating the conref. ids must start with a
                letter, number, or underscore. <draft-comment author="simonbate">Avoid starting a
                    sentence with a lower-case letter.</draft-comment></note>
            <draft-comment author="gretyl">Fill in "Practice" section (continue from previous topic)
                and add on your own excercise</draft-comment>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
        <title>Practice</title>
        <taskbody/>
    </task>
</learningContent>
