<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_rvk_fwz_vr">
    <title>DITA is structured authoring</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com"  scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p><i>Structured authoring</i> is a publishing workflow that lets you define and enforce
                consistent organization of information in documents.</p>
            <p>The elements defined in DITA have a very specific hierarchy and relationships. That
                is, each element in DITA has a specific set of elements that might contain it, and a
                specific set of elements that can be contained by it. DITA also specifies which
                elements can (or must) come before or after an element and how many of a particular
                element are allowed.  </p>
            <p>For example, a DITA simpletable can contain an optional simpletable head, which must
                be followed by one or more simpletable rows. The rules prevent a writer from
                creating a simpletable with a table head in the middle of the rows, or from creating
                a table that contains no rows at all.</p>
            <p>The rules that define this structure are defined by the DITA markup language. The
                same language can be used by computer programs to make sure that DITA documents are
                structured correctly. If a particular set of documents requires different rules or
                different element names, an information architect can define these names and rules. </p>
            <p>Although DITA is a widely-used form of structured authoring, there are other
                structured authoring standards, including DocBook, S1000D, NLM, and more.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
