<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_uxj_kp5_vr">
    <title>Specialization</title>
    <prolog><author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com"  scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com"  scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
        <created date="2015-04-28"/>
    </critdates></prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
       <lcInstruction> <p>
            
   <draft-comment> not sure this is the right place for specialization, but that's where it is in
                    the videos </draft-comment>     </p>
       <p>Specialization lets an information architect create elements and attributes that fit your
                organization better than what is provided in default DITA. The elements created
                through specialization are based on existing elements in DITA. </p>
            <p>Organizations often specialize to support their unique requirements, such as:<ul
                    id="ul_m12_fq5_vr">
                    <li>Creating new elements to contain specific information in a specific
                        order</li>
                    <li>Creating new attributes to identify specific information</li>
                    <li>Creating new names for elements that are more relevant to authors.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>For instance, you might require a set of language-specific &lt;codeblock> elements,
                such as &lt;codeblock-java> or &lt;codeblock-php> to distinguish between Java and
                PHP code examples. This could also be accomplished by creating a new language
                attribute for the &lt;codeblock> element: &lt;codeblock language="java"> or
                &lt;codeblock language="php">. </p>
        <note type="important">Be careful with specialization. When you specialize, you make tags more
                specific, but specialization adds to the cost of implementation. You must balance
                the value gained from specialization against the cost of implementing and
                maintaining specializations.</note>
            <p>In addition to specialization, <i>constraints</i> allow information architects to
                eliminate elements that you do not need or want to use. For example, if your
                organization is not documenting software code, your information architect could
                eliminate &lt;codeblock> and &lt;codeph> (code phrase). Constraining reduces the
                number of elements presented to the authors, which can make their lives a little
                easier.</p>
       </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
