<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_i4y_ttr_5r">
    <title>Task topics</title>
    <prolog><author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates></prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcObjectives>
           <lcObjectivesGroup>
               <lcObjective>Understand the purpose of the DITA task type</lcObjective>
               <lcObjective>Identify key components of a task</lcObjective>
               <lcObjective>Create a DITA task</lcObjective>
           </lcObjectivesGroup>
        </lcObjectives>
        <lcDuration >
            <lcTime value="20" />
        </lcDuration>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>A task topic answers the question “How do I?” It includes step-by-step instructions
                to complete a procedure. DITA also allows step results, graphics, notes, and
                substeps, but not subsubsteps.</p>
            <p>Technical content is often heavy on tasks.</p>
            <p>DITA 1.2 provides two task types:<ul id="ul_bbx_dn5_vr">
                    <li>Strict task</li>
                    <li>General task</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Strict task was the only task provided in DITA 1.1, so the “strict task” in DITA 1.2
                is equivalent to the “task” in DITA 1.1. The strict task requires you to include
                steps. The “general task,” also known as the “loose task” is more forgiving. General
                tasks are useful for process overviews. Strict tasks are appropriate for items that
                require step-by-step instructions.</p>
            <p>The task topic has a required title. Other common elements used in a strict topic
                    include:<ul id="ul_c5m_hm5_vr">
                    <li>shortdesc (short description)</li>
                    <li>taskbody (the body of the task topic)</li>
                    <li>steps (the sequence of actions)</li>
                    <li>step (each individual action-result pair)</li>
                    <li>cmd (</li>
                    <li>stepresult (what happens after you perform an action)</li>
                    <li>stepxmp (an example of how to do the step)</li>
                    <li>fig</li>
                    <li>image</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>The general task uses stepinformal.</p>
            <draft-comment author="okeefe">insert video from 5:13 to 5:57. Code overview for
                task.</draft-comment>
        </lcInstruction>

    </learningContentbody>

</learningContent>
