<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_a2s_3wz_vr">
    <title>What is a DITA topic?</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Alan Pringle,
            Scriptorium</author>

        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
            <revised modified="2015-06-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>A DITA topic is a container in which you create content. A topic generally addresses
                one question or idea.</p>
            <p>Topics contain elements. Elements are the tags for the content. The tags available to
                a specific author depend on how that author’s environment is set up by the
                information architect. For example, if you are not writing in a software environment
                and don’t need code samples, your information architect could set up your DITA
                environment to eliminate the code-related element.</p>
            <p>Elements have attributes. An attribute provides additional information about the
                element. For example, a topic might have an attribute called author, in which you
                specify who created a particular topic.</p>
            <p>All topics must have at least a title element and an id attribute for the root topic.
                That is, the following is a valid topic:
                <pre>     &lt;topic id="sample">
      &lt;title>Topic title goes here&lt;/title>
     &lt;/topic>
   </pre>However,
                a <i>useful</i> topic will have additional content. </p>
        </lcInstruction>

    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
