<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Determining output requirements</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>In other courses, you learned how authoring in DITA gives your content semantic value
                and helps increase reuse. In this course, you will learn about the benefits of DITA
                for publishing and gain hands-on experience with generating various types of output
                from DITA source content.</p>
            <p>DITA helps make publishing more efficient by:</p>
            <ul id="ul_xcs_rph_cz">
                <li><b>Separating content from formatting.</b> In an unstructured environment,
                    authors might maintain one set of source files for print publication and another
                    for electronic publication. The files for print might be authored and formatted
                    in a desktop publishing program, while the files for electronic output might be
                    copied from the print-based source files and re-formatted, or authored
                    separately. With DITA, authors create a single set of source files, and
                    formatting is applied separately to create each required output type. This
                    reduces inconsistencies between printed and electronic versions of the same
                    content and ensures that an update made in the source will be reflected in all
                    outputs.</li>
                <li><b>Allowing for automated publishing.</b> Because DITA content is separated from
                    formatting, the formatting can be applied automatically during the publishing
                    process rather than manually. Content creators can focus on the content itself
                    rather than how it is displayed on the page, and publishing becomes a faster,
                    push-button process.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>When you're going to publish your DITA content, one of the first questions you might
                ask yourself is, "What sort of publishing environment do I need?" The first step in
                choosing the right publishing environment for your DITA workflow is determining your
                output requirements.</p>
            <p>Some types of output you might need for your content include:</p>
            <ul id="ul_djq_frh_cz">
                <li>PDF (which can be printed or delivered electronically)</li>
                <li>HTML</li>
                <li>EPUB</li>
                <li>Webhelp</li>
            </ul>
            <note>
                <p>For some output types, such as highly-designed printed materials or complex data
                    sheets, you may find that automated publishing is lacking. However, you still
                    want to maintain a single set of source files. In this case, you may need to
                    transform your DITA source content into a format that can be opened in a desktop
                    publishing program (such as Adobe InDesign or Microsoft Word) so that you can
                    manually adjust the formatting before publishing PDF or printed output.</p>
            </note>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
