<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Source and output folders</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Once you have installed the DITA OT and the required Java Development Kit, the next
                step is setting up a folder structure for testing its publishing capabilities.
                Establishing folders for your DITA source files and published output files will help
                you avoid confusion and make the process of using the DITA OT run more smoothly.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <concept id="concept_rbg_1nf_2z">
        <title>Source folders</title>
        <conbody>
            <p>When you’re working in a standalone DITA OT publishing environment, a well-organized
                folder structure helps you keep track of your DITA source content. Here are some
                best practices for setting up your source folders:</p>
            <ul id="ul_wm4_3nf_2z">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Don’t disrupt the DITA hierarchy.</b> The way you store your DITA content
                        in folders may interfere with the DITA OT’s ability to parse the content and
                        generate some output types from it. Therefore, it is best to avoid storing a
                        map file in a folder that lives below the topic files referenced in the
                        map.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Mange your shared content.</b> If you have topics that are referenced in
                        multiple maps, keep them together in a folder (named something like “shared”
                        or “reused”) where they are easy to find.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <concept id="concept_yzs_q4f_2z">
        <title>Output folders</title>
        <conbody>
            <p>By default, the DITA Open Toolkit creates a default output folder named <b>out</b>.
                If you use the default <b>out</b> folder, be aware that the DITA OT replaces the
                previously generated output with new output each time you run the DITA OT on the
                same set of source content for the same type of output. For example, if you
                generated PDF output from the file <b>b_ducks.ditamap</b> yesterday and you generate
                PDF output of the same file today, yesterday’s PDF is deleted and today’s PDF
                replaces it. (If you generate PDF output from a different map, or generate HTML
                output from the same map, yesterday’s PDF remains in place.)</p>
            <note>If you generate a new version of a previously generated PDF file, the DITA OT will
                not overwrite the previous version if you have it open in Adobe Reader or Acrobat
                Pro.</note>
            <p>To keep the DITA OT from replacing your output, you can set up subfolders in the
                    <b>out</b> folder. When you run the DITA OT, you can instruct it to generate
                output into the subfolder of your choice. There are many ways you can organize your
                output subfolders, including:</p>
            <ul id="ul_mlt_zql_3z">
                <li>By set of source content</li>
                <li>By output type</li>
                <li>By date</li>
                <li>By test iteration</li>
            </ul>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="task_kmx_yqf_2z">
        <title>Setting up your sources folder</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_syk_brf_2z">Use these instructions to set up a sources folder on
                your system for testing.</context>
            <steps id="steps_n2j_drf_2z">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create a new folder on your machine and name it <b>sources</b>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Locate the <b>samples</b> folder you downloaded at the beginning of this
                        course.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Copy the <b>ducks</b> folder from the <b>samples</b> folder into the
                            <b>sources</b> folder you just created.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result id="result_kc1_srf_2z">You are now ready to test the DITA OT.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
