<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Publishing through oXygen XML Editor</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Instead of using the DITA OT in a standalone environment, you can publish content by
                running the DITA Open Toolkit through the oXygen XML Editor. With oXygen's
                user-friendly GUI, publishing output is as easy as clicking a button. All you need
                to do is select the required output from a list of scenarios and apply the
                transformation to your source content. The publishing scenarios include PDF, XHTML,
                webhelp, and other output types.</p>
            <p>Publishing through oXygen makes sense for those in the following situations:</p>
            <ul id="ul_th3_q24_2z">
                <li>
                    <p><b>New DITA users.</b> If you are new to DITA, using oXygen's simple
                        interface to publish output may be the right choice for you. Generating
                        output through oXygen is less confusing and requires less effort than using
                        the DITA OT in a standalone environment.</p>
                    <p>oXygen's interface largely masks the process of running the DITA OT, which
                        may not be optimal for users who like to watch their builds run and generate
                        a log in real time. If you're one of these users, you may prefer to work
                        with a standalone DITA OT.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Small content volume.</b> If you don't have enough DITA content for a
                        major CCMS installation, oXygen might be the right solution. Authors can
                        create, edit, and publish their content from a single, capable tool.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Single writers or small content teams.</b> oXygen is not free–customers
                        must purchase an annual license to use the software. Licensing oXygen for a
                        single writer or small team of writers for DITA publishing is generally much
                        less costly than licensing a CCMS.</p>
                    <p>Licensing oXygen may not always be a practical investment for students or
                        writers working on very small projects. Companies and individuals need to
                        evaluate whether the cost of oXygen makes sense for them.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <draft-comment author="gretylkinsey">
                <p>The oXygen XML Editor utilizes a user-friendly GUI that makes publishing output
                    as easy as clicking a button. All users need to do is select their preferred
                    output from a list of scenarios, including PDFs, XHTML, and WebHelps, and apply
                    that transformation. This masks the process but may not be optimal for users who
                    like to see their builds run, such as seen when using the OT. If you are new to
                    DITA, using oXygen's simple interface to publish output may be the right choice
                    for you. However, oXygen is not free. Consumers must purchase an annual license
                    to use the software, which may not be a practical investment for smaller
                    projects.</p>
            </draft-comment>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
