<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>DITA OT commands and parameters</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>In the previous lesson, you tested the DITA OT by entering the following command into
                the command line:</p>
            <p><b>On Windows:</b></p>
            <pre>bin\dita -i [filepath]/sources/m_ducks.ditamap -f pdf2 -o [output-dir] -v</pre>
            <p><b>On Mac:</b></p>
            <pre>./bin/dita -i [filepath]/sources/m_ducks.ditamap -f pdf2 -o [filepath]/outputs/m_ducks_output -v</pre>
            <p>These are the standard commands and parameters of a basic DITA OT build. Here is what
                these commands and parameters mean:</p>
            <ul id="ul_dx2_csf_2z">
                <li>
                    <p><b>bin&#92;dita</b> (Windows) or <b>./bin/dita</b> (Mac) is the command that
                        generates output from DITA</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>-i</b> (the input parameter) indicates that the filepath that follows it
                        to a DITA map or file needs to be transformed into output.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>-f</b> (the transtype parameter) indicates that the string that follows it
                        is the output transformation type (also called the “transtype”). Some common
                        transtype values include “pdf2” for PDF output, “xhtml” for HTML output, and
                        “webhelp” for WebHelp output.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>-o</b> (the output parameter) indicates where to store the generated
                        output. This parameter is optional; if you do not use it to specify an
                        output directory, the output is placed in the DITA OT’s default “out”
                        folder.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>-v</b> (the verbose parameter) indicates verbose output, which displays a
                        log of the DITA OT build in the command window. This parameter is optional,
                        but it is useful to watch the DITA OT run in realtime to help troubleshoot
                        errors.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>You can use additional parameters to add more specifcations about the build you’re
                running. To explore all the options available to you, see the <xref
                    href="http://www.dita-ot.org/2.4/parameters/index.html" format="html"
                    scope="external">DITA Open Toolkit Parameter Reference</xref>.</p>
            <draft-comment author="gretylkinsey">
                <p>A RUNOT file is a series of commands stored in an XML file. RUNOT files help save
                    time for those who need to run numerous test builds. Instead of entering each
                    command into the command or Terminal window, you can simply enter the
                    following:</p>
                <pre>(RUNOT command)</pre>
            </draft-comment>
            <draft-comment author="gretylkinsey">
                <p>We have provided RUNOT files in the samples folder for use with the rest of the
                    exercises in this course. (are we still planning to do this? or does it make
                    more sense to just provide the commands since they’re only doing simple builds?
                    I would argue against RUNOT files since it will probably take more effort to
                    tell people how to edit them for the input/output)</p>
            </draft-comment>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
