<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>DITA publishing environment considerations</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>DITA publishing environments may include anything from open-source tools used on a
                standalone basis to commercial, enterprise-level systems that manage the entire
                content lifecycle. This lesson covers three common DITA publishing environments:</p>
            <ul id="ul_xdz_2zh_cz">
                <li>A standalone instance of the DITA Open Toolkit (DITA OT)</li>
                <li>The DITA OT used in oXygen XML Editor</li>
                <li>The DITA OT used in a component content management system (CCMS)</li>
            </ul>
            <note>These DITA publishing environments will be covered in more detail later in this
                lesson.</note>
            <p>The following factors can help you evaluate publishing options:</p>
            <ul id="ul_zxj_ywh_cz">
                <li><b>How frequently you update your content.</b> The more often you update your
                    content, the more often you will need to generate new output to keep your
                    published material up-to-date. If you have a regular, frequent update schedule,
                    a publishing environment that allows you to schedule automated output builds
                    will work best.</li>
                <li><b>Localization requirements.</b> Are you translating your content into other
                    languages? If so, are you responsible for publishing the translated content? If
                    you’re not translating, will you be in the future? All of these questions are
                    important considerations in choosing a publishing environment. For example, if
                    you’re publishing translated content, you may have multiple variations of each
                    output type (such as one PDF format for English, another for Spanish, and yet
                    another for Chinese), which increases your total number of outputs.</li>
                <li><b>How much content you have.</b> If you plan to publish a high volume of
                    content, you will more likely need an enterprise-level, commercial publishing
                    environment. An open-source publishing tool might work for one or two manuals
                    that contain a few hundred pages of content; it probably won’t be feasible for
                    publishing hundreds of manuals with thousands of pages of content.</li>
                <li><b>How many outputs you need.</b> Do you only need to publish one type of
                    output, or do you need multiple types? For each type of output, how many
                    different formats do you need? (For example, for PDF output, you might need one
                    format for manuals, another for data sheets, and another for training materials,
                    for a total of three separate PDF outputs.) If you need to publish a large
                    number of outputs, you will probably need a commercial system; if you are only
                    publishing one or two total outputs, a standalone environment may suit your
                    needs.</li>
                <li><b>Future output requirements.</b> Do you have a small number of output
                    requirements now, but know that you will need to add more in the future? You may
                    consider starting with a publishing environment that will accommodate these
                    future requirements. Depending on budget concerns, you may also begin in a
                    smaller or standalone publishing environment and move to a larger one when it
                    becomes necessary. If you choose to start in a smaller environment, it is
                    important to determine whether the tools you use allow you to export your
                    content and use it in a larger environment later.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>If you need to publish PDF output, your publishing environment will need to include
                an FO formatter. The type of formatter you choose depends on the formatting and
                design of your PDF output. An open source formatter (such as Apache FOP, the default
                FO formatter for the DITA OT) may be capable of producing simple, straightforward
                designs, with limitations on some features. However, a commercial formatter (such as
                Antenna House Formatter or RenderX XEP) will be better for publishing PDF files with
                more complex page layouts. </p>
            <p>Cost should be a factor in selecting an FO formatter; commercial formatters require
                licensing fees, while open source formatters do not. You should also consider your
                localization requirements when choosing a formatter, as different formatters have
                different degrees of language character support.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
