<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Publishing with a standalone DITA OT</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The DITA OT is an open-source publishing engine for DITA content. The DITA OT
                contains <i>plugins</i>, or collections of XSL files, used to transform the DITA
                source content into various outputs. </p>
            <p>By default, the DITA OT is equipped with plugins for producing PDF, HTML, and
                webhelp; these plugins can be updated to change the look and feel of the outputs.
                DITA OT users can also install their own plugins for more highly customized
                output.</p>
            <p>The DITA OT can be used to generate output on its own or in conjunction with certain
                tools for authoring, editing, and content management. Without one of these tools,
                you can download and install the DITA OT onto your machine to create a standalone
                environment for publishing.</p>
            <note>This course will include detailed instructions for publishing with a standalone
                DITA OT in subsequent lessons.</note>
            <p>Most companies that publish output from DITA source content will do so through a
                tool. However, a standalone DITA OT environment might work better for some
                situations, such as:</p>
            <ul id="ul_xp4_3k4_cz">
                <li><b>Small content volume.</b> If your company produces a very small amount of
                    content and has an infrequent updating or publishing schedule, a standalone DITA
                    OT may be easier to justify financially than a DITA OT-compatible tool or
                    system.</li>
                <li><b>Pilot projects.</b> If you’re using a small subset of content as a proof of
                    concept to show your manager the benefits of automated publishing, a standalone
                    DITA OT is a no-cost way to help prove your point.</li>
                <li><b>Single authors.</b> A company that employs only a single technical writer or
                    a very small documentation team may not need more than a standalone DITA OT for
                    publishing.</li>
                <li><b>Students.</b> If you’re teaching yourself DITA—for a class, for career
                    advancement, or to determine whether it’s a good fit for your company—a
                    standalone DITA OT is perfect for testing the publishing process.</li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
