<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Testing the DITA Open Toolkit installation</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Now that you have installed the DITA Open Toolkit and the required JAVA Development
                Kit and set up your folder structure, you're ready to run your first test build.
                Follow the instructions below to generate a sample PDF file using the DITA OT.
                Separate instructions are provided for PC and Mac users.</p>
            <note>These instructions only apply to 2.x versions of the DITA Open Toolkit.</note>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_q32_qtw_cz">
        <title>Running a DITA OT test build on a PC</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_tyl_xtw_cz">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click Start > Run.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type cmd.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type cd to navigate to the OT folder.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the following string of commands into the command window to run the
                        DITA OT:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre>bin\dita -i [filepath]/sources/m_ducks.ditamap -f pdf2 -o [filepath]/outputs/m_ducks_output -v</pre>
                        <note>To enter the filepath for the m_ducks.ditamap file without typing it,
                            navigate to the file on your system, click on the file's icon, and drag
                            the icon directly into the command window. You can use the same action
                            to enter the filepath for the m_ducks_output folder without typing
                            it.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Press ENTER to run the DITA Open Toolkit.</cmd>
                    <info>You will see a log of the DITA OT's build process in realtime displayed in
                        the command window.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Look in the m_ducks_output folder to see your generated output. You should
                        see a file called m_ducks.pdf.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_pfs_wtw_cz">
        <title>Running a DITA OT test build on a Mac</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_x1p_xtw_cz">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Launch the Terminal application.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type cd to navigate to the OT folder.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the following string of commands into the Terminal to run the DITA
                        OT:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre>./bin/dita -i [filepath]/sources/m_ducks.ditamap -f pdf2 -o [filepath]/outputs/m_ducks_output -v</pre>
                        <note>To enter the filepath for the m_ducks.ditamap file without typing it,
                            navigate to the file on your system, click on the file's icon, and drag
                            the icon directly into the Terminal window. You can use the same action
                            to enter the filepath for the m_ducks_output folder without typing
                            it.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Press RETURN to run the DITA Open Toolkit.</cmd>
                    <info>You will see a log of the DITA OT's build process in realtime displayed in
                        the Terminal.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Look in the m_ducks_output folder to see your generated output. You should
                        see a file called m_ducks.pdf.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
