<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Why customize plugins?</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Noelle Russell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Ashley Stant</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2017-03-06" date="2017-02-10"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The DITA OT comes with default plugins for generating several output types. As you
                saw in the previous lesson, these include the pdf2 plugin for PDF output and the
                xhtml plugin for HTML output. The default plugins are best considered as demos, or
                the basis for building “production” plugins.</p>
            <p>The default plugins are helpful when you’re learning to publish content using the
                DITA OT. However, they are rarely used for publishing in real-world situations.</p>
            <p>Here are some reasons why the default plugins don’t usually work for companies that
                publish content:</p>
            <ul id="ul_dnm_gkg_2z">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Look and feel.</b> The default plugins provided with the DITA OT use very
                        basic, generic styling. Companies need the output to match the look and feel
                        of their branding. The output needs to use company colors and fonts,
                        incorporate the company logo, and include images or symbols associated with
                        the company brand. </p>
                    <p>Even for content where there are no corporate branding requirements—for
                        example, academic articles, research, reports, or internal content—the group
                        publishing the content will probably want to improve on the look and feel of
                        the default plugins.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Functionality.</b> In some cases, the default plugins cannot support
                        certain aspects of the source content’s structure. If you’re using a DITA
                        specialization, the default plugins will probably not display your content
                        in the output as you intended.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Output type.</b> You may need to generate a type of output that isn’t
                        included in the DITA OT’s default plugins. One example of this is companies
                        that need to send their DITA source content into InDesign for complex,
                        highly-designed formatting before publishing it to PDF output. The DITA OT
                        does not provide a default DITA-to-InDesign plugin.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>If the DITA OT’s default plugins don’t suit your needs, you can install custom
                plugins and use them to generate output. Some custom plugins are based on the
                underlying structure of the DITA OT’s default plugins; others, such as
                DITA-to-InDesign plugins, are created independently.</p>
            <p>You can develop custom plugins yourself, find them on the web, or hire or contract
                with someone to develop them. Custom plugins are often developed by consultants as
                part of a content strategy solution.</p>
            <p>When you’re evaluating your need for custom plugins, ask yourself:</p>
            <ul id="ul_nch_kpg_2z">
                <li>Whether your customization requirements are based on look and feel, structure,
                    or both</li>
                <li>How the structure of your source content affects the DITA OT’s publishing
                    capabilities</li>
                <li>What types of output you need and how much they differ from the DITA OT’s
                    default outputs</li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
