<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_blz_bk3_rs">
    <title>Bulleted and numbered lists</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-07-13"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The most common lists used in DITA are unordered (“bulleted”) lists (&lt;ul>) and
                ordered (“numbered”) lists (&lt;ol>). </p>
            <p>Both ordered and unordered lists contain one or more list item (&lt;li>) element. The
                &lt;li> elements shown in these examples are quite simple. However, an &lt;li>
                element can contain text data and most common block and inline elements. </p>
            <pre>&lt;p>The life cycle of a duck is similar to that of most birds:&lt;/p>
&lt;ol>
   &lt;li>Egg&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Hatchling&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Duckling&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Juvenile&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Adult&lt;/li>
&lt;/ol></pre>
            <p>Note that the author does not add numbers to this ordered list; as with HTML, the
                numbers are inserted when the output is generated. To help you visualize things,
                most visual editors will show you the numbers of items in an ordered list. </p>
            <p>An ordered list is useful for showing things that have a sequence, however, if you
                need to describe a process, you might be better off using the &lt;steps> element in
                a task topic.</p>
            <p>You can nest a list by starting a new &lt;ul> or &lt;ol> element inside an &lt;li>
                element. </p>
            <pre>&lt;p>Ducks have these features:&lt;/p>
&lt;ul>
   &lt;li>Webbed feet for swimming.&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Shorter legs than other waterfowl.&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>Distinctive bill.
      &lt;ul>
         &lt;li>Wide and flat for filter feeding.&lt;/li>
         &lt;li>Long and narrow for fishing (Mergansers)&lt;/li>
      &lt;/ul>
   &lt;/li>
&lt;/ul></pre>
            <p>When the list is finally output, the bullet character or the number used in the list
                is determined by the stylesheet being used for output and the position in the list
                in the hierarchy. If a list is nested, the stylesheet will determine the amount of
                indentation for the list. </p>
            <p>In addition to the unordered list (&lt;ul>), DITA defines a simple list (&lt;sl>)
                element, which you can use for lists that contain just a few words in each item. The
                item in a simple list uses the &lt;sli> element. </p>
            <pre>&lt;p>There are several types of ducks:&lt;/p>
&lt;sl>
   &lt;sli>Tree ducks&lt;/sli>
   &lt;sli>Surface-feeding ducks&lt;/sli>
   &lt;sli>Bay ducks&lt;/sli>
   &lt;sli>Sea ducks&lt;/sli>
&lt;/sl></pre>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
