<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.--> 
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_ajf_qch_1t">
    <title>Housekeeping and sample files</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-19"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Download <xref
                    href="http://www.learningdita.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/concept_samples.zip"
                    format="zip" scope="external"> concept_samples.zip</xref> now. It contains the
                sample files for the entire Authoring DITA concepts course. Extract the contents and
                put them in a directory that you can access easily.</p>
            <p>Inside the samples folder, you will find the following folders corresponding to
                lessons in this course: lesson1, lesson2, lesson3, and lesson4.</p>
            <p>In each lesson folder, you will find four DITA files:</p>
            <ul id="ul_lx2_fj2_2t">
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_start.dita: The empty sample file you will add content to as you
                        follow along with each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>.dita: The completed version of the sample file you can use
                        to check your work.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise_start.dita: The empty file you will add content to as
                        you complete the exercise at the end of each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise.dita: The completed version of the exercise file
                        you can use to check your work.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Each lesson will instruct you on which files to use for the exercises. Save your file
                as you complete each step to avoid losing your work. </p>
            <p>Create a local copy of each file to work in as you complete the lessons. That way, if
                you reach a point where your working file doesn’t match the examples, or is broken
                for any reason, you can make a fresh copy and resume your work or start over.</p>
            <p>In the instructions and examples, we show you the DITA code for each sample file.
                Most DITA editors have auto-complete or other similar features to guide you through
                the process of adding elements (for example, if you type the opening tag of an
                element, most DITA editors will automatically add the closing tag for you).
                Therefore, you will probably not need to create every piece of code from scratch as
                you work. Our demo videos were created in <xref href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/"
                    format="html" scope="external">oXygen XML Editor</xref> and show the differences
                between working in author view, which presents the DITA content in a user-friendly
                visual format, and working in text view, which shows the DITA code.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
