<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="benefits_of_using_the_learning___training_specialization">
    <title>Benefits of using the Learning &amp; Training specialization</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Kaitlyn Heath, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2018-01-26"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p>Using the Learning and Training Specialization to create learing content allows you
                to output to many different formats. You could output to PDF for a printed textbook,
                or you could output to HTML for eLearning (with the help of a plugin). There is the
                option to use the same map for each, or even to create a seperate map that excludes
                specific learning topics. You might choose to exclude certain types of assessments
                from a print learning</p>
            <p>The L&amp;T specialization, like the rest of DITA, utilizes semantic elements,
                meaning that the names of the elements give insight to how they are used. The
                element table indicates that what follows it are the contents of a table. In the
                Learning and training, the semantic elements are specific to the specialization: the
                learningOverviewbody element contains the body of a learningOverview topic</p>
            <p>The learning object element within the map types of this specialization allows you to group learning topics
                together into one learning object. Learning plans, overviews, contents, assessments,
                and summaries for one lesson can be grouped together into one learning object.</p>
            <p>The learning object element also allows you to add any DITA authored content, even if it was created without L&amp;T topics.</p>
            <p/>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
