<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_kkl_rxy_xr">
    <title>Best practices for tables</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction><p>Always wrap content in the table in &lt;p> tags. Forgetting this can
                result in the content of the table to format in unexpected ways. </p><p>While the
                DITA specification allows you to nest tables, it's a Bad Idea<sup>TM</sup>.
                </p><p>Whenever possible, consider organizing the content in your table to include
                more rows instead of more columns. When you send the content to an output,
                pagination issues can make many columns appear in unexpected ways. </p><p>In many
                word processing tools, people use tables to visually format content such as indented
                lists. In DITA, this is not done and can lead to unexpected results. </p><p>Consider
                localization text expansion in tables. Where possible, design the content for up to
                40% text expansion. </p><p>The DITA standard allows graphics table cells. In
                practice, it's best to place just small icons in table cells. </p>Consider the
            possible outputs when you create tables. Table rendering may very different be on a
            small screen, such as a mobile device. <p>Consider using non-tables and rendering as
                table on big screen or big paper. For example: definition lists, which can be
                rendered as either a table or as a hanging indent (default)</p></lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
