<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Housekeeping and sample files</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-10-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Download <xref
                    href="http://www.learningdita.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/reference_samples.zip"
                    format="zip" scope="external">reference_samples.zip</xref> now. It contains the
                sample files for the entire DITA reference and glossary topic type course. Extract
                the contents and put them in a directory that you can access easily.</p>
            <p>Inside the samples folder, you will find four files: l_glossentry_start.dita,
                l_glossgroup_start.dita, l_glossorg_start.ditamap, and l_reference_start.dita, which
                you will use to complete exercises throughout the course. You will also find the
                following folders corresponding to lessons in this course: lesson1 and lesson3.</p>
            <p>In each lesson folder, you will find several DITA files:</p>
            <ul id="ul_lx2_fj2_2t">
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>.dita: The completed version of the sample files you can use
                        to check your work during each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise_start.dita: The empty file you will add content to
                        as you complete the exercise at the end of each lesson.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>_exercise.dita: The completed version of the exercise file
                        you can use to check your work.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>l_<i>filename</i>.ditamap: The completed version of the ditamap you can use
                        to check your work in Lesson 3.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Each lesson will instruct you on which files to use for the exercises. Save your file
                as you complete each step to avoid losing your work. </p>
            <p>Create a local copy of each file to work in as you complete the lessons. That way, if
                you reach a point where your working file doesn’t match the examples, or is broken
                for any reason, you can make a fresh copy and resume your work or start over.</p>
            <p>In the instructions and examples, we show you the DITA code for each sample file.
                Most DITA editors have auto-complete or other similar features to guide you through
                the process of adding elements (for example, if you type the opening tag of an
                element, most DITA editors will automatically add the closing tag for you).
                Therefore, you will probably not need to create every piece of code from scratch as
                you work. Our demo videos were created in <xref href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/"
                    format="html" scope="external">oXygen XML Editor</xref> and show the differences
                between working in author view, which presents the DITA content in a user-friendly
                visual format, and working in text view, which shows the DITA code.</p>
            <!--<p>The sample files for AuthoringDITA task topics are in the zip file task_samples.zip. Download this file to a location on your hard drive that you’ll remember, then extract the contents to a folder. </p><p>The exercises in this course follow in sequence, each exercise builds on the work completed in the previous exercise. You can use the first sample file as a starting point for the exercises in this course.</p><p>Use the subsequent sample files to check your work. If you reach a point where your exercise file doesn’t match the examples, or is broken for any reason, you can use the sample file from the previous exercise to resume your work. </p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
