<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Conkeyrefs</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>A conkeyref is a content reference that uses a key instead of a file path. In normal
                use, a content reference to an element in another file might look like this: </p>
            <pre>&lt;ul conref="domestic_duck_warehouse.dita#domestic_warehouse/diet_list">
   &lt;li/>
&lt;/ul></pre>
            <p>This conref pulls a &lt;ul> element from a warehouse topic that contains reusable
                elements relevant to domestic ducks. </p>
            <p>If the topic containing this conref needs to be reusable, the hard-coded filename
                might be a problem. To use the reusable topic in a map that discusses wild ducks,
                the conref needs to point to a different warehouse topic file
                (wild_duck_warehouse.dita). </p>
            <p>Rather than hard code the path to a file, you can use the conkeyref attribute to
                create a content reference that uses a key, rather than a filename. </p>
            <p>To use a conkeyref, start by defining a key (in the map used for domestic ducks): </p>
            <pre>&lt;keydef keys="diet_warehouse" href="domestic_duck_warehouse.dita"/></pre>
            <p>Within domestic_duck_warehouse.dita, make sure there is an unordered list with the
                    <tt>id="diet_list"</tt>.</p>
            <pre>&lt;ul id="diet_list">&lt;li>Corn&lt;/li>...&lt;/ul></pre>
            <p>To ensure our topic is reusable, use a conkeyref: </p>
            <pre>&lt;ul conkeyref="diet_warehouse/diet_list"/></pre>
            <p>When the topic containing the conkeyref is processed, the key diet_warehouse is
                replace with the current key definition, which is domestic_duck_warehouse.dita. </p>
            <p>To reuse the topic containing the conkeyref, add a &lt;keydef> for the diet_warehouse
                key to the map for wild duck content, but in this &lt;keydef>, the href attribute
                points to the warehouse topic file wild_duck_warehouse.dita:</p>
            <pre>&lt;keydef keys="diet_warehouse" href="wild_duck_warehouse.dita"/></pre>
            <p>All the same rules that apply to conrefs still apply to conkeyrefs</p>
            <ul id="ul_gzh_wmv_qx">
                <li>The referencing element must be the same type (element name) as the referenced
                    element. </li>
                <li>The referencing element must be valid (for instance a &lt;ul> element must
                    contain at least one &lt;li> element). </li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
