<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Conref push (conaction)</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>When a topic uses a content reference, content is “pulled” from the referenced topic
                into the referencing topic. However, there are times when you need to insert an
                element into an arbitrary location of a reusable topic. </p>
            <p>For instance, you might have a reusable topic which does its job well most of the
                time when it is used. However, in one case (for one product, or for one customer),
                you need to add an extra paragraph to that reusable topic. One solution might be to
                add the paragraph and use conditional filtering to only display the paragraph for
                that one use. But what if you don’t own (or have the rights to modify) the reused
                topic? What if the reused topic is maintained in a publicly visible area (say on
                GitHub), and you don't want your addition to be visible to the rest of the
                world?</p>
            <p>The conref push (or conaction) mechanism allows you to “push” content from one topic
                in a map (the source topic) into another topic in the same map (the target topic). </p>
            <p>The conref push mechanism allows you to push in three ways. You can push an element
                so that it:</p>
            <ul id="ul_xz4_ppv_qx">
                <li>Is inserted before a specific element</li>
                <li>Replaces a specific element</li>
                <li>Is inserted after a specific element</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Just as with a normal conref operation, the source and target elements used in the
                conref push must be the same type.</p>
            <p>To use conref push, the only thing you need in the target topic is an id attribute on
                the target element (the element you want to push your element before, after, or in
                place of). </p>
            <pre>&lt;li id="somethingorother">This is a list item element in the target topic.&lt;/p></pre>
            <p>Typically, you create the source topic specifically for the conref push operation.
                The topic should contain all necessary elements to make sure that the element being
                pushed is valid. So, if you need to conref push a &lt;li> element, your topic should
                contain a &lt;body> (depending on the topic type), a &lt;ul> element, and the
                &lt;li> you need to push. </p>
            <p><b>Replacing the target element</b></p>
            <p>To replace an element in the target topic, use the element’s conref attribute to
                identify the element to replace, and set the conaction attribute to
                “pushreplace”.</p>
            <pre>&lt;li conref="target_topic.dita#topic/somethingorother" conaction="pushreplace">
This list item element will replace the target element.
&lt;/li></pre>
            <p><b>Inserting an element before the target element</b></p>
            <p>To insert the element before the target element, you use two elements (both must be
                the same as the target element):<ol id="ol_yhs_jsc_rx">
                    <li>The first element uses the conaction attribute set to the value “pushbefore”
                        and contains the content to be pushed.
                        <pre>&lt;li conaction="pushbefore">
This list item will be pushed before the target element. 
&lt;/li></pre></li>
                    <li>The second element doesn’t contain any content but uses both the conref
                        attribute (to identify the target element) and the conaction attribute set
                        to the value
                        “mark”.<pre>&lt;li conref="target_topic.dita#topic/somethingorother" conaction="mark"/></pre></li>
                </ol></p>
            <p><b>Inserting an element after the target element</b></p>
            <p>To insert the element after the target element, use the same two elements, but the
                element containing conref and conaction="mark" must come <i>before</i> the element
                containing conaction="pushafter".</p>
            <pre>&lt;li conref="target_topic.dita#topic/somethingorother" conaction="mark"/>
&lt;li conaction="pushafter">
This list item will be pushed after the target element. 
&lt;/li></pre>
            <p>Two final notes on conref push:</p>
            <ul id="ul_hvm_2sc_rx">
                <li>
                    <p>You cannot use the conrefend attribute with the conref push mechanism.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>You <i>can</i> use the conkeyref attribute to indicate the target of a conref
                        push. </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
