<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Conrefend</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The conref attribute allows you to pull content from a single element (and its
                content) into another topic. </p>
            <p>To pull a sequence of two or more elements into a topic, use the conrefend attribute
                in combination with the conref attribute. The two attributes specify the starting
                and ending elements in a sequence of elements. The starting element, the ending
                element, and all elements in between are pulled into the referencing topic.</p>
            <p>For example, you might have a warehouse topic (wh.dita) that contains this &lt;ul>
                element:</p>
            <pre>&lt;concept id="wh_elements">
   ... 
   &lt;ul>
      &lt;li id="food_insects">small insects&lt;/li>
      &lt;li id="food_fish">small fish and fish eggs&lt;/li>
      &lt;li id="food_crustaceans">crustaceans&lt;/li>
      &lt;li id="food_snails">snails and mollusks&lt;/li>
      &lt;li id="food_frogs">frogs and salamanders&lt;/li>
      &lt;li id="food_fruit">berries and nuts&lt;/li>
   &lt;/ul>
&lt;/concept></pre>
            <!--<p>Actual duck diet list: <ul id="ul_g53_hv1_vx"><li>Small fish and fish eggs</li><li>Snails, worms and mollusks</li><li>Small <xref href="http://marinelife.about.com/od/invertebrates/g/crustaceans.htm" format="html" scope="external">crustaceans</xref></li><li>Grass and weeds</li><li><xref href="http://marinelife.about.com/od/plants/tp/typesofalgae.htm" format="html" scope="external">Algae</xref> and aquatic plants and roots</li><li>Frogs, salamanders and other <xref href="http://animals.about.com/od/amphibians/p/amphibians.htm" format="html" scope="external">amphibians</xref></li><li>Aquatic and land insects</li><li>Seeds and grain</li><li>Small berries, fruits and <xref href="http://birding.about.com/od/Foods/a/Birds-That-Eat-Nuts.htm" format="html" scope="external">nuts</xref></li></ul></p>-->
            <p>To pull the four list items from “fish” through “frogs” into a list in another topic,
                use this conref and conrefend combination:</p>
            <pre>&lt;ul>
   &lt;li>cracked corn&lt;/li>
   &lt;li conref="wh.dita#wh_elements/food_fish" conrefend="wh.dita#wh_elements/food_frogs"/>
   ...
&lt;/ul></pre>
            <p>If you use conrefend, keep in mind that:</p>
            <ul id="ul_zvy_qnv_qx">
                <li>Both of the elements identified by the conref and conrefend attributes must be
                    the same element name as the referencing element. For instance, if the
                    referencing element is a &lt;p> element, the elements indicated by the conref
                    and conrefend attributes must also be &lt;p> elements.</li>
                <li>The elements that occur between the elements indicated by the conref and
                    conrefend attribute <i>do not</i> have to be the same type. For example,iIf
                    there are &lt;note> or &lt;image> elements between the first and last &lt;p>
                    elements, those elements will also be included in the content reference. </li>
            </ul>
            <p>You can also use conrefend with conkeyrefs. If conrefend is combined with a
                conkeyref, the filename in the conrefend attribute is ignored and is replaced with
                the filename used by the key specified in the conkeyref.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
