<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Marking revisions</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>You can use the rev attribute to indicate elements that pertain to a particular
                revision of your product or service. </p>
            <pre>&lt;p rev="v2.1">Use the key-table feature to speed access.&lt;/p></pre>
            <p>The values you use with the rev attribute are up to you and your organization. The
                important thing is to be consistent in how you use the values.</p>
            <p>As with the filtering attributes you can specify multiple revision values in the rev
                attribute; separate the values with one or more spaces. </p>
            <note>It is important to note that you cannot use the rev attribute for filtering
                content. It's purpose is for identifying revisions.</note>
            <p><b>Showing rev in output</b></p>
            <p>You control the display of the rev attribute with the &lt;revprop> element in the
                ditaval file. You can apply styling just as with the &lt;prop> element (color,
                background color, and style). You can also use the &lt;startflag> and &lt;endflag>
                elements to add images before and after the element marked with the rev attribute.  </p>
            <pre>&lt;revprop action="flag" value="v2.1" color="red"/></pre>
            <p>Depending on the format of your output and your output generator, you can also use
                the &lt;revprop> element to place change bars in the margins next to text marked
                with a rev attribute. However, the capabilities and the syntax of the changebar
                attribute vary depending on the output format and the output generator. If you need
                to use this feature, it's best to review the documentation for your output
                generator.   </p>
            <!--<p>You can also use the &lt;revprop> element to place change bars in the margins next to text marked with a rev attribute (if supported by your output generator). There are not separate attributes to indicate each of the changebar properties. Instead, the changebar value contains one or more property-value pairs. The value is separated from the property name with a colon (:), multiple property-value pairs are separated by semicolons (;).</p><p>The properties you can specify are:<ul id="ul_o3r_jxs_5x"><li>color - either using a 6-digit hex code or a color name</li><li>width - </li><li>style</li><li>offset</li><li>placement</li></ul>  </p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
