<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Marking conditional elements</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>DITA conditional filtering allows you to choose what to show and hide in your DITA
                topics when they are processed for output. </p>
            <p>You mark DITA elements for filtering by adding special conditional attributes to
                elements; the value you use with a conditional attribute is used to determine whether
                the element should be hidden (filtered out) or shown. </p>
            <p>The four basic conditional attributes and their <i>suggested</i> uses are: <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>audience</dt>
                        <dd>Content is intended for a specific group of readers. The audience can be
                            seen a number of different ways; it might be the experience level, role,
                            security clearance, or some other way of grouping potential readers. </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>platform</dt>
                        <dd>Content is specific to a particular hardware or software platform. </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>product</dt>
                        <dd>Content is specific to a particular product.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>otherprops</dt>
                        <dd>Content is specific to a custom aspect. </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl></p>
            <p>For example, you might use the platform attribute to indicate whether content is
                intended for iPhone or Android users: </p>
            <pre>&lt;p platform="android">Visit Google Play for more information.&lt;/p> 
&lt;p platform="iphone">Visit the App Store for more information.&lt;/p></pre>
            <p>When generating output for Android users, you can tell the DITA filtering mechanism
                to hide elements where <tt>platform="iphone"</tt> and show elements where
                    <tt>platform="android"</tt>. To generate output for iPhone users, you show
                elements where platform has the value “iphone” and hide elements where platform has
                the value “android”. (How to hide and show content is described later in this
                lesson.)</p>
            <p>The names of the attributes are defined in the DITA specification. They are a
                suggestion about how you might use them, but you should not feel locked into using
                them specifically for audience, platform, or product filtering; it’s up to you to
                determine how you want to use each one. </p>
            <p>As with the attributes themselves, the values you use with each of the conditional
                attributes are up to you to decide. You can use any characters you want for the
                conditional attribute values, except for the space character. Case is important in
                the conditional attribute values, so choose one form of capitalization and use it
                consistently. </p>
            <p>You can specify multiple values in these attributes; separate each value with one or
                more spaces. </p>
            <p>The single most important thing, however, is that all content creators in your group,
                team, company, or organization agree on the purpose of each of the attributes and
                the values to use with the attributes. </p>
            <note>The four attributes listed here are just a starting point. It is possible to use
                DITA specialization to create additional conditional attributes that have meaning for
                your content. The DITA specification identifies another conditional attribute: props.
                This attribute is used as the basis for specialization. </note>
            <p>Keep in mind that filtering of elements extends to DITA map elements, such as
                &lt;topicref> and &lt;mapref>. This way, you can use conditional attributes and
                filtering to remove entire topics or chapters from your output. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
