<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>What is a key?</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-10-14"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>A DITA key allows you to create a placeholder for a file path or a short piece of
                text. You create the key name and definition (the text to use in place of the key)
                in a DITA map;. You refer to a key by specifying the key name in a keyref attribute.
                The keyref attributes are resolved when topics and maps are transformed into an
                output format. </p>
            <p>The advantage of using a key is that you define the key in one place (in the map),
                then refer to that key by name throughout all your topics. If the file path or text
                changes, you only need to change the definition and the new definition is reflected
                everywhere that the keyref attribute is used.</p>
            <p>Keys make it easy to create reusable topics. Because key definitions can be different
                for each map, a reusable topic that uses keys can contain different file paths or
                strings, depending on which map it is used in. </p>
            <p>For instance, you might create a reusable topic that uses two keys: <ul
                    id="ul_r5v_jz5_cx">
                    <li>The key <term>product_name</term> contains the name of a product</li>
                    <li>The key <term>product_image</term> contains the path to a picture of the
                        product</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In the map for Product A, <term>product_name</term> could be defined as “Product A”
                and <term>product_image</term> as “images/ProductA.png”. </p>
            <p>In the map for Product B, <term>product_name</term> could be defined as “Product B”
                and <term>product_image</term> as “images/ProductB.png”. </p>
            <p>When your topic is used in the map for Product A, the product name “Product A” is
                used and the product image shows the correct product. When your topic is used in the
                map for Product B, the correct product name and image are shown for that
                product.</p>
            <p>You define keys in a DITA map with the &lt;keydef> element, which is a specialization
                of the &lt;topicref> element. </p>
            <p>There are some differences between keys used for paths and keys used for text
                strings. There are differences in how you define the keys and how you use them.
                These two uses are described in the next two topics. </p>
            <note>This description of keys does not address scoped keys, which were introduced in
                DITA 1.3. The concept of scoped keys will be addressed in a future LearningDITA
                course.</note>
            <note>There is a third use for keys: they can be used to specify a path to conref
                content. These “conkeyrefs” are addressed in the next lesson (“Advanced
                conrefs”).</note>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
