<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_szn_n3t_qt">
    <title>About reference topics</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Jake Campbell,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-10-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>
            <p>Reference topics answer the question “What?”, as in:</p>
            <ul id="ul_ohh_x3t_qt">
                <li>What value do I enter here?</li>
                <li>What does it mean when the LED flashes three times?</li>
                <li>What command parameters should I use?</li>
                <li>What status values can I expect from this function call?</li>
                <li>What does this error message mean?</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Reference topics provide information about a specific item. While a concept topic may
                provide general background information and answer the question “Why?”, the reference
                topic provices specific information. Typical readers of reference topics find the
                information they need, then continue with what they were doing; they typically do
                not read or browse any additional information. </p>
            <p>The format of content within a reference is determined by the authoring organization,
                and ideally codified within a style guide. The examples in this lesson show only one
                way that you can organize information.</p>
            <p>While reference topics can contain many of the elements that we've already covered in
                previous courses, this course will focus on new ones.</p>
            <p>Reference topics fall into two general categories:</p>
            <ul id="ul_uvg_gkt_qt">
                <li>
                    <p>Single, stand-alone topics containing a small number of tables or figures.
                        Examples include:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_gyb_hlt_qt">
                        <li>
                            <p>Matrix tables of devices and specific values or tolerances </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Illustrations of device ports or pinouts</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Multiple, related topics that provide information about related items, one
                        topic per item. These topics usually have a parallel structure so that the
                        reader can consistently locate information. Examples include:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_jty_qlt_qt">
                        <li>Command line reference</li>
                        <li>API function reference</li>
                        <li>Error code reference</li>
                        <li>Device data sheet</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </lcIntro>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
