<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_vlq_hbm_dg">
 <title>Information delivery</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><indexterm>regulatory<indexterm>information
     delivery</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>information<indexterm>delivery for regulatory
     requirements</indexterm></indexterm>To ensure that you meet regulatory requirements for
   information delivery, you need to know what content must be included in your information
   products. This varies greatly by industry, regulatory agency, and locale. (For example, the
   European Union may have different rules than the United States.)</p>
  <p>Once you determine the content requirements, you need a content strategy that ensures that you
   always deliver the required content. For new drug applications, for example, you may be required
   to include detailed information about clinical trials in a specific format. That implies advance
   planning years before the application is submitted to an entity like the U.S. Food and Drug
   Administration.</p>
  <p>From a content strategy point of view, you want to make sure that the appropriate information
   is being collected, and is available to be processed into the information product required by the
   regulatory body.</p>
  <p>Although reuse is encouraged in most technical content, it may be problematic in regulatory
   submissions because you do not want to change a document that has already been submitted.
   Therefore, you may need to break the link between the original file and the reused content to
   ensure that any updates do not change the source document.</p>
  <p>Some compliance requirements can affect content strategy. The most critical ones are:<ul
    id="ul_gzv_ymz_1h">
    <li><indexterm>audit trail</indexterm><i>Audit trails for content changes and reviews.</i> You
     may need a system that allows you to audit changes after the fact. Some organizations use
     cumbersome manual processes to create audit trails, but software is available that can automate
     this process.</li>
    <li><indexterm>change tracking</indexterm><i>Change tracking.</i> You may need the ability to
     deliver content updates with all changes marked so that regulators can easily identify
     differences from one version to the next.</li>
    <li><indexterm>traceability</indexterm><i>Traceability.</i> You may need to be able to show the
     roots of each piece of content, so that you can justify its accuracy.</li>
   </ul></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
