<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qvz_qfy_jf">
 <title>When technical content contradicts marketing</title>
 <conbody>


   <p><indexterm>marketing<indexterm>contradicted by technical
    content</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>technical content<indexterm>contradicting
     marketing</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>contradictory information<indexterm>marketing and
     technical
    content</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>content<indexterm>contradictory</indexterm></indexterm>If
   your technical content contradicts your intended marketing message, you are in good company. Many
   organizations have this problem, often because of these factors:</p>
   <p>
    <ul id="ul_tmc_rs2_rf">
     <li>Marketing and technical communication groups are in different parts of the
      organization.</li>
     <li>Marcom and tech comm do not coordinate their efforts.</li>
     <li>Marcom and tech comm staff do not respect each others’ work. (Marcom tends to view tech
     comm as a bunch of introverted nerds who can’t communicate normally; tech comm thinks that
     marcom is full of liars who don’t understand technology. Neither stereotype is
      <i>completely</i> incorrect.)</li>
     <li>Executive management does not believe that technical content is relevant to market
      positioning.</li>
     <li>Technical content creators cling to outdated but familiar ways of delivering content.</li>
    </ul>
   </p>
   <p><indexterm>marketing<indexterm>aligning with technical
    content</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>technical content<indexterm>aligning with
     marketing</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>aligning marketing and technical
    content</indexterm>In this situation, you need to align the technical content with the marketing
   message by changing the message, changing the content, or both. Until this happens, your
   marketing efforts will be undermined.<table frame="all" id="table_zb5_rm2_rf">
    <title>Aligning technical content with the marketing message</title>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
     <colspec colname="newCol2" colnum="2" colwidth="2*"/>
     <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="2*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Marketing message</entry>
       <entry>Misaligned content</entry>
       <entry>Aligned content</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Easy to use</entry>
       <entry>User documentation is convoluted and full of obscure jargon</entry>
       <entry>User documentation is easy to understand</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Easy to install</entry>
       <entry>Installation guide is 100 pages</entry>
       <entry>Installation process and guide are short</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Cutting edge</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is delivered in a three-ring binder</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is delivered in lots of different formats (text, audio, video,
        mobile, ebooks)</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Personalized</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is generic</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is customized for different readers</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Powerful</entry>
       <entry>No advanced information in the technical content</entry>
       <entry>Detailed technical content, customization scenarios, software API
        documentation</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Fun</entry>
       <entry>Content is ugly (or uses default templates), boring, and has no visual appeal</entry>
       <entry>Creative delivery of technical content, such as comics, interesting visuals,
        entertaining examples, or edgy graphic design</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Global audience</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is available in only one language</entry>
       <entry>Technical content is available in customer languages</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table></p>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
