<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lc_reusing_maps">
    <title>Reusing maps</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-11" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_i5j_t4s_lw">
            <p>You can create reusable maps for content that occurs in multiple published documents.
                For instance, many components of a preface might be used in all prefaces for a set
                of documents. A reference section might be necessary in multiple books; glossaries
                and appendixes might also appear in many related publications.</p>
            <p>For these repeating sets of information, you can create a map (often called a
                “submap”), then reuse the submap in other maps or bookmaps. </p>
           
            
         
            
           
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody><task id="reuse1"><title>Practice</title><taskbody><steps>
        <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file
                        reuse_basic_samples/reusing_topics_and_maps/_m_breeds.ditamap. This is an
                        example of a submap (named _m_breeds.ditamap) for reference information on
                        duck breeds. Using the “_m_” helps to group all the maps together in the
                        file system and displays them at the top of the file list so that you can
                        find them quickly.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Duck breed reference&lt;/title>
   &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;category>reference map&lt;/category>
   &lt;/topicmeta>
    ...
   &lt;topicref href="r_mallard.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="r_muscovy.dita"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
                    </info>
                </step>
        <step>
                    <cmd>Open the file _m_keeping_ducks_start.ditamap. To reuse the submap
                        _m_breeds.ditamap in this map, add it using the &lt;topicref> element with
                        format="ditamap".</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Keeping ducks&lt;/title>
   ...
   &lt;topicref href="_m_breeds.ditamap" format="ditamap"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
                        <p>Alternatively, you can use the &lt;mapref> element to reference the
                            submap:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;map>
   &lt;title>Keeping ducks&lt;/title>
   ...
   &lt;mapref href="_m_breeds.ditamap"/>
   ...
&lt;/map></pre>
                        <p>A reusable map itself can contain refererences to other reusable maps
                            (using &lt;mapref> or &lt;topic format=“ditamap”>).</p>
                        <p><b>A note about bookmaps and reusable submaps:</b> When using a bookmap,
                            you cannot add a &lt;mapref> (or &lt;topicref format="ditamap">) element
                            at the top level (&lt;frontmatter>, &lt;chapter>, &lt;part>,
                            &lt;appendixes>, &lt;appendix>, and &lt;backmatter>). You can reuse maps
                            from within bookmaps, but only from <i>inside</i> the top-level
                            containers. Therefore, you cannot create a submap that contains one of
                            these top-level containers.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
       
        <step>
                    <cmd>Check your work in
                        reuse_basic_samples/reusing_topics_and_maps/_m_keeping_ducks_start.ditamap
                        against the file
                        reuse_basic_samples/reusing_topics_and_maps/_m_keeping_ducks.ditamap.</cmd>
                </step>
    </steps>
    </taskbody></task></learningContent>
