<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningTreeContent.dtd">
<learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="lt-content-4677" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic concept)                             (topic reference)                             (topic task)                             (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent "><title class="- topic/title ">Reuse and translation</title>
   <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
      <author type="creator" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Mike Rice, easyDITA</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="http://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Annie Chen, easyDITA</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
         class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
      <critdates>
         <created golive="2016-07-11" date="2016-05-11"/>
      </critdates>
   </prolog><learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody "><lcInstruction class="- topic/section learningBase/lcInstruction ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">When you first learn about the reuse mechanisms in DITA, it might be
            tempting to use them in any number of situations. However, it’s wise to proceed with
            some caution, especially if your content will be translated. And even if your content is
            not being translated today, assuming that it will be translated someday will avoid
            problems when <q class="- topic/q ">someday</q> comes. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Every language has its own rules of grammar and syntax. Just because
            replacing or inserting a piece of text works in English does not mean that it will work
            in another language. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Some languages require words to take a different form depending on
            whether they are the subject or object of the sentence. Some languages have grammatical
            gender, and so words with gender can affect words that are related to it in the
            sentence. The plural forms in some languages are quite different from the English
            constructs for zero, one, and more than one object. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">It would be difficult to describe the rules for every language, but
            we can use some English examples to illustrate why substituting words isn’t a good idea
            when your content will be translated into other languages with other rules. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Take, for example, this simple sentence:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an orange.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">What if we were to substitute another word for orange?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">apple</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">In this case, the substition works because both words begin with a
            vowel. But what if we substituted a word that begins with a consonant?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">tomato</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Now we have a problem. In English, we use
            the article <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">a</b> when the word starts with a consonant
            sound and the article <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">an</b> when the word starts with a
            vowel sound. Other languages have rules similar to this; some are even more complex. </p>
      <q class="- topic/q "
         >Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a
         fruit salad - Miles Kington</q>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Other substitutions can also cause problems in our sample sentence.
            So far, our example has used a singular noun; for example:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an apple.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">What if we substituted the plural of “apple”?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Casey ate an <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">apples</u>.</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">You’re probably getting the idea. English has rules that are broken
            easily by substituting words within sentences. Other languages have other rules that are
            also broken easily by substituting words within sentences. And just because you’re
            following the rules for English doesn’t mean you’re not breaking the rules for another
            language. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">You probably don’t know all the rules for all the languages your
            English content will be translated into. So, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">you should
               not use replaceable text within sentences to substitute parts of the sentence.</b> If
            you use replaceable text on parts of a sentence, you will have unpredictable results
            when the content is translated. </p>
      </lcInstruction></learningContentbody></learningContent>
