<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt">
    <title>Writing for reuse</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Jake Campbell, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com/" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-07-11" date="2016-05-11"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>When writing for reuse your content must be:</p>
            <ul id="ul_qwy_pgb_kw">
                <li>Consistent</li>
                <li>Context-free</li>
                <li>Generalized</li>
            </ul>
            <p>By separating specific information from common information wherever possible, you can
                make sure that your common chunks of content are generic enough to be reused
                wherever needed.</p>
            <p>To make your content consistent:</p>
            <ul id="ul_fq3_dhb_kw">
                <li>Keep topics short and granular; this maximizes their reuse potential. A short
                    topic with only one heading level can be reused in more places than a long topic
                    that covers large amounts of information and contains multiple sections. </li>
                <li>Establish a style guide for tagging and usage (or, at a minimum, agree on usage
                    and set aside some time to document that agreement as the basis for a future
                    formal style guide).</li>
                <li>Use a consistent voice and specific vocabulary and terminology to make your
                    topics more reusable. Limit your use of pronouns (particularly gender-specific
                    ones) and avoid idioms and colloquialisms. A consistent voice will not only help
                    with reuse, but also with localization.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>To make your content context-free: </p>
            <ul id="ul_qr3_shb_kw">
                <li>Do not assume anything about information that comes before or after the topic.
                    Avoid using words such as “previous,” “next,” “earlier,” and “later.” </li>
                <li>Do not assume the type of the document in which the content is used. Avoid using
                    phrases such as “in this chapter” or “in this section.” </li>
                <li>Do not use inline cross-references. In your version of the content, the
                    cross-reference target exists, but it might not be in the next map where your
                    content is reused. Instead, use DITA relationship tables to automatically
                    generate links to releated topics. </li>
            </ul>
            <p>To make your writing more generalized:</p>
            <ul id="ul_jpy_vlc_kw">
                <li>Avoid using keywords or product dependencies (wherever possible). For example,
                    if the same set of instructions can be used with multiple products, eliminate
                    product-specific references. </li>
                <li>Don’t be too specific unless it’s crucial. Avoid including gratuitous modifiers,
                    such as number, size, or color, in your content, since they might not always be
                    relevant as products change over time.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>To strike a balance between making content generic for reuse and including necessary
                specifics, consider adding a table or list to the beginning of each deliverable that
                identifies certain product information. By providing that information up-front, you
                can then remove keywords from the content and rely on generic terms. </p>
            <p>Generic content will not only help facilitate reuse, but will also better prepare you
                for localization. Reusing content also means that you will have fewer topics overall
                to translate, which will help reduce localization costs.</p>
            <!--<ul id="ul_zfy_rsb_3w"><li>Consistent. <ul id="ul_qss_ssb_3w"><li>Topic depth and length</li><li>Tagging and usage<ul id="ul_xjw_tsb_3w"><li>create a style guide</li><li>agree on usage if you don’t create a style guide</li></ul></li><li>Neutral voice<ul id="ul_rlg_vsb_3w"><li>Limited vocabulary</li><li>Limit use of pronouns (particularly gender-specific)</li><li>Avoid idioms and colloquialisms</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Context-free<ul id="ul_pdz_wsb_3w"><li>Do not assume context (avoid "previous", "next", "earlier", "later", etc.)</li><li>Do not assume document type (avoid references to chapters, manuals, etc.)</li><li>Use relationship tables instead of in-line cross-references</li></ul></li><li>Generalized<ul id="ul_gpx_nvb_3w"><li>Don’t be too specific (unless it’s crucial)</li><li>Avoid gratuitous modifiers (such as number, size, color)</li></ul></li></ul><p>Ways to make writing more generic/better equipped for reuse:</p><ul id="ul_iwq_wvb_3w"><li>Overall, try to reduce the use of keywords where possible.</li><li>Remove product dependencies where possible.</li><li>Consider a table at the beginning of each deliverable that identifies certain specific product information. By providing that information up-front, you can then remove keywords from the content and rely on generic terms.</li></ul><p>Writing more generic content will not only help facilitate reuse, but will also make your content better equipped for localization. Reusing content also means that you will have fewer topics/less content overall to translate, which will help reduce localization costs.</p>-->
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
