<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    <title>Creating a new task topic</title>

    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Gretyl Kinsey,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-08-12"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>

    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>At a minimum, the task topic must contain a &lt;task> root element (with an id
                attribute) that contains a &lt;title> element. </p>
            <p>Following the &lt;title> element and an optional &lt;shortdesc> element, a
                &lt;taskbody> element contains the task content. The elements within the
                &lt;taskbody> conform to a specific order. This course presents the elements of the
                &lt;taskbody> in the order in which they must occur. </p>
            <p><xref href="https://youtu.be/7E7RYKHQ6C4" format="html" scope="external">Video:
                    Creating a DITA task topic</xref></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
    <task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        <title/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make a copy of the file l_task_start.dita and open it in your editor.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                            mode, rather than author or visual mode. </note>
                    </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <p>You should see this:</p>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   &lt;title>xyz&lt;/title>

&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>
                        <p>The first line (which begins with <tt>&lt;?xml</tt>) is an XML
                            declaration, which is a standard part of all XML files.</p>
                        <p>The second line is the DOCTYPE declaration, which tells DITA editors or
                            DITA output generators that this is a DITA strict task topic. The
                            programs then use that information when validating the content of the
                            topic. The DOCTYPE will be different for each topic type that you create
                            (including the general task). </p>
                        <p>The third line contains the opening tag of the &lt;task> element.</p>
                        <p>The fourth line contains the title element.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <!--<step><cmd>Depending on the editor you are using: </cmd><choices id="choices_uy2_lkh_1t"><choice><p><b>DITA-aware editor</b>: Use the File > New... command to create a new task topic. Make sure you don't use the general task. </p></choice><choice><p><b>Text editor</b>: Create a new file that contains this text:</p><pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">

&lt;/task></pre></choice><choice><p><b>Samples</b>: Make a copy of the file 1_new_task.dita and open it in your editor.</p></choice></choices></step>-->
                <!--<step><cmd>If you are using a DITA-aware editor, switch to text view.</cmd><info>A DITA-aware editor will often create a </info></step>-->
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inside the &lt;title> element, update the text of the task title.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;title>Watching wild ducks&lt;/title></ph>

&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After the &lt;title> element, add a &lt;taskbody> element.</cmd>
                    <info>The &lt;taskbody> element contains all the actual content in the task. </info>
                    <stepxmp>
                        <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
&lt;task id="my_first_task">
   &lt;title>Watching wild ducks&lt;/title>
<ph outputclass="newchanged">   &lt;taskbody>

   &lt;/taskbody> </ph>
&lt;/task></pre>
                    </stepxmp>
                    <info>This is the essential part of a DITA strict task topic. The rest of this
                        lesson shows you how to add the first two child elements to the
                        &lt;taskbody> element.</info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</learningContent>
