<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\kheat\Documents\GitHub\New folder\LearningDITA\en-us\temp\pdf\Learning_and_training_specialization\topics?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/temp/pdf/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/?><?path2project ..\..\?><?path2project-uri ../../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN?><?doctype-system learningContent.dtd?><learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="https://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="https://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d+learningInteractionBase2)                            (topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic reference)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d) (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase2-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase2-d learning2-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)   " id="l_t_and_curriculum_development" xtrc="learningContent:1;4:54" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="title:1;5:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">L&amp;T and curriculum development</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog " xtrc="prolog:1;6:37" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">
        <author class="- topic/author " format="html" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" type="creator" xtrc="author:1;7:121" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author class="- topic/author " format="html" href="https://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" type="contributor" xtrc="author:2;8:125" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates class="- topic/critdates " xtrc="critdates:1;8:14" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization.ditamap">
   <created class="- topic/created " date="2017-04-20" xtrc="created:1;9:32" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization.ditamap"/>
  </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody " xtrc="learningContentbody:1;13:26" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">
        <lcInstruction class="- topic/section learningBase/lcInstruction " id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz" xtrc="lcInstruction:1;14:54" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:1;15:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">The L&amp;T specialization enables you to create learning materials, including content and assessments, right out of the box. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:2;16:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">However, many groups prefer a formalized approach, creating their content after careful planning and analysis. The L&amp;T specialization includes a planning topic type that allows you
                to identify goals, needs, and objectives. The learningGroup and learningObject elements allow you to use planning topic types at many levels of your development. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:3;18:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">In addition, the L&amp;T specialization allows you to create learning objects (objective, content, assessment)</p>
            
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:4;20:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">The Learning and Training specialization defines many, many elements, so that it is quite flexible and can be adapted to many uses. However, transforming the content into materials,
                exams, or e-learning content is entirely up to you. One of the reasons that there is no default plugin in the DITA Open Toolkit for Learning and Training content is that there are so
                many possible output types, it would be hard to pick only a handful. Even if the output types could be narrowed, each output target has its own formatting requirements. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:5;23:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/l_t_and_curriculum_development.dita">If you are considering working with the DITA Learning and Training specialization, we strongly recommend that you either hire your own in-house DITA transform staff, or you find a
                consultant who has experience creating the types of output you require. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>