<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\kheat\Documents\GitHub\New folder\LearningDITA\en-us\temp\pdf\Learning_and_training_specialization\topics?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/temp/pdf/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/?><?path2project ..\..\?><?path2project-uri ../../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN?><?doctype-system learningContent.dtd?><learningContent xmlns:ditaarch="https://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="https://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" class="- topic/topic learningBase/learningBase learningContent/learningContent " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d+learningInteractionBase2)                            (topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic reference)                            (topic learningBase learningSummary)                             (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d) (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningAssessment)                            (topic learningBase+learningInteractionBase-d learningContent)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase2-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase-d learning-d)                            (topic learningInteractionBase2-d learning2-d)                            (topic learningmeta-d)   " id="content_fly_2dc_yz" xtrc="learningContent:1;3:42" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="title:1;4:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">What is in the Learning and Training specialization?</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:17" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita"/><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><critdates class="- topic/critdates " xtrc="critdates:1;8:14" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization.ditamap">
   <created class="- topic/created " date="2017-04-20" xtrc="created:1;9:32" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization.ditamap"/>
  </critdates></prolog>
    <learningContentbody class="- topic/body  learningBase/learningBasebody learningContent/learningContentbody " xtrc="learningContentbody:1;6:26" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">
        <lcInstruction class="- topic/section learningBase/lcInstruction " id="lcInstruction_ztx_ldc_yz" xtrc="lcInstruction:1;7:54" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:1;8:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">The DITA Learning and Training specialization is a set of DITA topic types and
                elements designed to meet the needs of those creating instructional content, such as
                course developers and instructors. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:2;11:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">The topic types and elements allow you to indicate the specific intent of each piece
                of content. For instance, the assessment topic type allows you create quizzes.
                Within that topic type, there are specific elements for various styles of questions:
                true/false, multiple choice, and so on. Those elements can contain other elements
                that convey information such as the correct answer, the point value for the answer,
                responses to give to the student for correct and incorrect answers, and so on. As
                with all elements in DITA, the names of these elements describes for the author the
                precise type of information they are creating. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:3;19:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita"> The Learning and Training Specialization also allows training content to be used in multiple ways.
                For example, a learning assessment topic could be used as a test for students, and
                have condidtional information including answer keys for instructor use.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:4;22:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">This rich set of objects enables you to create DITA content that covers the entire
                process of planning, creating, and organizing learning content. The topic types and
                elements in the L&amp;T specialization allow you to plan a great range of content
                from individual topics to lessons to courses, right up to entire curricula. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:5;26:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">You use the Learning and Training topic types to plan your learning content, to list
                objectives, to author content, to create review materials, and to create
                assessments. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:6;29:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">You can use the Learning and Training map types to organize your learning topics into
                sets of learning objects and to group those learning objects.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:7;31:16" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">The three Learning and Training domains provide: </p>
            <ul class="- topic/ul " id="ul_fhf_wkc_yz" xtrc="ul:1;32:36" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrc="li:1;33:21" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">A framework for creating assessments that can appear in a number of topic
                    types</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrc="li:2;35:21" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">Elements to contain basic learning metadata</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrc="li:3;36:21" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/kheat/Documents/GitHub/New%20folder/LearningDITA/en-us/Learning_and_training_specialization/topics/lc_topics__maps__and_domains.dita">Reference elements used in the learning map types</li>
            </ul>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>