<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on 
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for 
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lc_remove_copy_to">
    <title>Remove copy-to attribute</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" scope="external" format="html">Melissa Kershes, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" scope="external" format="html">Allison Beatty, Scriptorium</author>
        <author>Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2024-08-19"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>The copy-to attribute is no longer available in DITA 2.0 </lcIntro>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>The copy-to attribute was used in &lt;topicref> elements to direct a processor to create a copy of the file referenced with the href attribute.
                This avoided a number of issue that could occur in HTML and other outputs where multiple copies of the output file would be created. When
                coupled with keys for identifying alternate output files, the copy-to attribute ensured that authors could create cross-references to the
                correct instances of the output file. </p>
            <p id="p_crt_3mh_lcc">In place the copy-to attribute in a &lt;topicref> element, use a &lt;resourceid> element with
                    <tt>appid-role="deliverable-anchor"</tt> and use the appid attribute for the name of the output file to create. </p>
            <p id="p_fd5_l4h_lcc">The &lt;resourceid> element should be contained in a &lt;topicmeta> element that is a child of the &lt;topicref>. </p>
            <pre>&lt;topicref href="feed_types.dita">
   &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;resourceid appid-role="deliverable-anchor" appid="construction_feed_types"/>
   &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></pre>
            <p id="p_k32_q4h_lcc">In this example, the file feed_types.dita is being used in a different context. When the map is processed, the output includes
                a file named “construction_feed_types.” The file extension is determined by the output generator. </p>
            <p id="p_vyt_vrh_lcc">If the &lt;topicref> element has a &lt;navtitle> but no href attribute, a new title-only topic is created. The &lt;navtitle>
                value provides the &lt;title> value for the topic. </p>
            <p id="p_tcs_5xh_lcc">As with the copy-to attribute, to create a cross-reference to the deliverable-anchor, use the keys attribute to define a key
                for the deliverable anchor file, then use a keyref with the &lt;xref> element to create a cross-reference to the output form of the deliverable
                anchor file. </p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
