<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on 
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for 
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lc_remove_boolean">
    <title>Remove boolean element</title>
    <prolog>
        <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" scope="external" format="html">Melissa Kershes, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="https://www.scriptorium.com/" scope="external" format="html">Allison Beatty, Scriptorium</author>
        <author>Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2024-08-20"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcIntro>The &lt;boolean> element is no longer available in DITA 2.0 </lcIntro>
        <lcInstruction>The &lt;boolean> element allowed authors to indicate a two-state value. The element’s required state attribute specified “yes,” “no,” or
            “-dita-use-conref-target.”  The element and its value could then be interpreted when files were processed for output. The element has been
            deprecated since DITA 1.1. <p id="p_crt_3mh_lcc">In place of the &lt;boolean> element, use the &lt;state> element.  The &lt;state> element has two
                required attributes: name and value. There are two things to note about these attributes: <ul id="ul_ghv_bqv_lcc">
                    <li id="li_wfg_prv_lcc">The name attribute indicates the purpose of  the &lt;state> element. The value <tt>boolean</tt> can indicate that
                        the element represents a Boolean value, but it's possible to use any value that suits the purpose of the &lt;state> element.</li>
                    <li id="li_hhv_bqv_lcc">The value attribute in &lt;state> does not have enumerated values. You can use “yes” or “no” (or
                        “-dita-use-conref-target”) from the &lt;boolean> element’s value attribute, but you are not limited to these values. If there are values
                        that are better at communicating the reason for using &lt;state>, use them. </li>
                </ul></p><pre id="p_kgj_fz5_lcc">&lt;state name="boolean" value="yes"/></pre></lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
