<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_qyn_3sb_wr">

    <title>Map files</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Alan Pringle,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>

    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>Map files are how you organize content for delivery. They are like a table of
                contents: they create sequence and hierarchy among topics. When you generate a PDF
                file or a help system from a map file, your reader will see the topics in the order
                and hierarchy established by the map file. </p>
            <p>You generally do not add all available topics to a map file—just the ones you want
                included in a deliverable. Also, you can include the same topic in multiple maps
                files, which is another example of reuse in DITA.</p>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_yvE9_ECRw" format="html"
                    scope="external">Example of a DITA map file</xref></p>
          
         <p>Map files are made up mainly of the following components:<ul id="ul_dy2_k3q_wr">
                    <li>topicref elements, which provide a link to a specific topic</li>
                    <li>mapref elemetns, which provide a link to another map</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In a map file, you put topicrefs in order from top to bottom to indicate sequence. To
                indicate hierarchy, you nest the topics. Consider the following
                example:<pre>&lt;map>
 &lt;title>My first map&lt;/title>
 &lt;topicref href="ducks.dita">
   &lt;topicref href="range.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="size.dita"/>
   &lt;topicref href="nests.dita"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map>
</pre></p>
            <p>For convenience, the code is indented. But what matters is that the first topicref
                (ducks) encloses the other three. range.dita, size.dita, and nests.dita are all
                subtopics of ducks.dita. The result in a table of contents would be something like
                    this:<ul id="ul_bkw_cjq_wr">
                    <li>Ducks<ul id="ul_j2d_djq_wr">
                            <li>Range</li>
                            <li>Size</li>
                            <li>Nests</li>
                        </ul></li>
                </ul></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
