<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="links2">
    <title>Relationship tables</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
    <lcInstruction>
            <p>Relationship tables, or reltables, allow you to describe topic relationships that are
                not sequential or hierarchical. A reltable is a part of a map file; it can appear at
                any location in the map, but the convention is to add the reltable at the end of the
                main map. Each row of the table describes a collection of related topics. </p>
            <p>When you generate output through the DITA Open Toolkit, the relationships described
                in the reltable are used to create a list of links to the related topics. In the
                default HTML output, the reltable entries are used to create a Related Topics
                section at the end of each topic.</p>
            <p>The relationships you capture in the reltable are <i>not</i> typically shown when you
                are authoring topics.</p>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMUxQpQvTZg" format="html"
                    scope="external">Overview of DITA relationship table (reltable)</xref>
            </p>
            <p>Start simple with reltables. They can get very complex.</p>
            <p>Reltables are preferred over related links or xrefs for links within a map file
                because of the following factors:<ul id="ul_twh_tkp_wr">
                    <li>The topicrefs in the reltable are evaluated against the current map file. If
                        your reltable contains a link to a file that is not included in the map
                        file, that link is not generated in the output. This prevents the broken
                        link problem that can occur with related links and xrefs. </li>
                    <li>The reltables are easier to maintain then embedded related links. Each row
                        in a reltable can contain multiple topics and captures their
                        interrelationships. So, if you have eight related topics, it is much easier
                        to create a single row in a reltable that lists those eight topics than it
                        is to create eight slightly different related-links lists (consisting of 8×7
                        or 56 links) in your eight topics. If you need to remove one topic from the
                        list, the reltable change is done once rather than seven times in the
                        files.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
  
</learningContent>
