<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="xrefs">
    <title>Cross-references</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sharon Burton</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Sarah O’Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-04-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
    <lcInstruction>
      <p>Cross-references allow you to create links from text to other locations in text, to figures
                or tables, or to web sites. </p>
            <p>All cross-references use the &lt;xref> element. The href attribute specifies the
                target of the cross-reference.   </p>
            <p>The &lt;xref> element can optionally contain text. If text is provided, it is used as
                the hotspot text for the link. If the &lt;xref> element doesn't contain any text,
                the output generator uses the title of the target as the hotspot for the link. </p>
            <note>Although it might seem like the right thing to do, when creating a cross-reference
                to a section, figure, or table, the href attribute should specify the section,
                figure, or table, not the &lt;title> element within the section, figure, or table. </note>
            <p>Video: <xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go2FyJl7uQY" format="html"
                    scope="external">Code examples of DITA cross-references</xref>
            </p>
            <p>You can also use the &lt;xref> element to link to resources outside your DITA topics.
                For external references, you supply a scope attribute with a value of external and a
                format attribute, as shown here:</p>
            <pre>&lt;xref href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html"/></pre>
            <note>For links to a PDF file, use format="pdf".</note>
            <p>Technically, it is possible to use &lt;xref> to link from one topic to another. This
                inline linking is a Bad Idea™ because you have to create and maintain the link
                manually. You must specify what you are linking to. When you set up the
                cross-reference, you have the source and target topics in your map file. But if you
                reuse the source topic in another map that does not include the target topic, you
                will get a broken link in the output generated from that map, and you may not be
                notified about the problem. Instead of using topic-to-topic links, it’s much better
                to use relationship tables. </p>
    </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
  
</learningContent>
