<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_advanced_exercise">
 <title>Developing a technical content strategy</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>After reviewing the existing information products, you should have a list of content challenges
   and ideas for improvement. Here are some common scenarios.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Reuse between technical documentation and training materials</title>
   <p>The training department uses reference and task information created by the technical
    documentation team, but the instructional designers copy and paste instead of linking because
    the two groups use different, incompatible content creation tools. </p>
   <draft-comment>Add: "If the two teams standardized on a single workflow, they could share content
    seamlessly and avoid lots of tedious reworking."</draft-comment>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>HTML output is needed in addition to PDF</title>
   <p>Your content may look like this in HTML:</p>
   <codeblock>&lt;div class="p">You may produce high-value content, such as the following:
&lt;ul class="ul">
&lt;li class="li">&lt;p class="p">Training materials&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
&lt;li class="li">&lt;p class="p">White papers&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
&lt;li class="li">&lt;p class="p">Knowledge base articles&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
&lt;/ul>
&lt;/div></codeblock>
   <p>The <codeph>&lt;div></codeph> contains the unordered list.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Technical content is outdated because of inefficient updating process</title>
   <lq href="http://contentstrategy101.com/contents/developing/assessing-the-situation/analyzing-existing-information-products/" format="html" scope="external">The book production process—generating tables of contents and indexes, checking pagination,
    creating change page logs, and similar tasks—takes a significant amount of time. As a result,
    books are only updated twice a year. But the product is changing quarterly or even monthly, so
    the technical documentation is almost always out of date. Readers are complaining about the lack
    of synchronization between the product updates and the content updates.</lq>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
