<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="benefits_of_using_the_learning___training_specialization">
    <title>Benefits of using the Learning and Training specialization</title>
    <prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
        <author type="creator" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Gretyl Kinsey, Scriptorium</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="http://www.scriptorium.com" format="html" scope="external"
            class="- topic/author ">Kaitlyn Heath, Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2018-01-26"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_js5_cqb_yz">
            <p> The L&amp;T specialization allows training content to be used in multiple ways. For
                example, a learning assessment topic could be used to generate a test for students,
                but it can also contain information to generate answer keys for instructors. By
                applying different transformation scenarios to one set of topics, you can use them
                for multiple purposes.</p>
            <p>The L&amp;T specialization, like the rest of DITA, uses semantic elements, meaning
                that the names of the elements give insight to how they are used. For example, the
                &lt;table> element indicates that the elements contain the contents of a table. In
                the L&amp;T specialization, the semantic elements are specific to the
                specialization: the &lt;learningOverviewbody> element contains the body of a
                &lt;learningOverview> topic.</p>
            <p>The &lt;learningObject> element can be used within the L&amp;T specialization to
                group learning topics together into one learning object. Learning plans, overviews,
                contents, assessments, and summaries for one lesson can be grouped together into one
                learning object.</p>
            <p>The &lt;learningObject> element also allows you to add any DITA content, even if it
                was not created using L&amp;T topics.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
