<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on
     github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
     applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_pnc_2vz_vr">
 <title>Topic style guidelines</title>
 <prolog>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium</author>
  <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Alan Pringle, Scriptorium</author>
   <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Simon Bate, Scriptorium</author>
   <critdates>
 <created date="2015-04-28"/>
      <revised modified="2015-08-14"/>
</critdates>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Most topics should be learningContent (information you present to the learner) or
      learningAssessment (quiz questions).</p>
  <section>
   <title>Learning module structure</title>
   <p>Each module should have a container topic, which provides the following:<ul id="ul_jn1_rwz_vr">
     <li>A list of objectives for the module, using
      lcObjectives:<codeblock> &lt;lcObjectives>
   &lt;lcObjectivesGroup>
    &lt;lcObjective>What kind of topics exist in DITA&lt;/lcObjective>
    &lt;lcObjective>What information goes in different types of topics&lt;/lcObjective>
    &lt;lcObjective>What are constraints and specialization?&lt;/lcObjective>
   &lt;/lcObjectivesGroup>
  &lt;/lcObjectives></codeblock></li>
     <li>An estimated duration for the module, using lcDuration (provide a value in
      minutes):<codeblock>&lt;lcDuration>
  &lt;lcTime value="30"/>
&lt;/lcDuration></codeblock></li>
     <li>An overview of the module, using &lt;lcIntro></li>
     <li>A list of additional reading resources, using &lt;related-links>. Be sure to code external
            web links with the appropriate format (usually html or pdf) and scope
            (external):<codeblock>&lt;link href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/styleguide/webhelp-feedback/#Artefact/c_Syntax_and_Markup.html" 
      format="html"
      scope="external">
   &lt;linktext>DITA Style Guide, Chapter 3, Syntax and Markup&lt;/linktext>
&lt;/link></codeblock></li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Inside the overview container, provide learningContent topics with the module components
    (lessons).</p>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Task structure</title>
      <p>To create a task that directs a student to perform an exercise, use the learningContent
        topic type to introduce the material. If you need to provide introductory text to the
        exercise, you can add it to the &lt;learningContentbody> element. The task itself should be
        a nested topic after the &lt;learningContentbody> element. Below is a simplified example.
        For more, look in the course2 files. </p>
      <p>
        <codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
&lt;learningContent id="content_hrm_xjh_1t">
    &lt;title>Adding advanced elements&lt;/title>
   ...
    &lt;learningContentbody>
        &lt;lcInstruction>
            &lt;p>Here are some common advanced elements in DITA:&lt;/p>
            ....omitted element descriptions....
        &lt;/lcInstruction>
    &lt;/learningContentbody>
    &lt;task id="task_i3g_jkh_1t">
        &lt;title/>
        &lt;taskbody>
            &lt;steps id="steps_f5k_kkh_1t">
                &lt;step>
                    &lt;cmd>Make a copy of the file lesson4/l_concept_advanced_start.dita and open it in your
                        editor.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;info>
                        &lt;note>
                            &lt;p>If you are using a DITA-aware text editor, make sure you are in text
                                mode, rather than author or visual mode.&lt;/p>
                        &lt;/note>
                    &lt;/info>
                    &lt;stepxmp>
                        &lt;p>You should see this:&lt;/p>
                        &lt;pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
&lt;concept id="concept_advanced">
&lt;title>Writing about ducks&lt;/title>
&lt;conbody>
&lt;/conbody>
&lt;/concept>&lt;/pre>
                    &lt;/stepxmp>
                    &lt;info>Video: &lt;xref href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ryzutuy-n_A"
                            format="html" scope="external">Creating a codeblock in
                        DITA&lt;/xref>&lt;/info>
                &lt;/step>
                ...omitted lots of steps....
            &lt;/steps>
        &lt;/taskbody>
    &lt;/task>
&lt;/learningContent>
</codeblock>
      </p>
    </section>
  <section>
      <p>Because we are using DITA to describe DITA, life can get confusing inside the files.</p>
      <title>Assessment structure</title>
      <p>Assessments (test questions) come after the learning content in each module. In most cases
        you can use the shared file <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath> that introduces the
        questions in the LMS. If necessary (for example, if there are special instructions about the
        lesson's assessment), you can create an introduction topic of your own.</p>
      <p>If you're using the shared introduction, create a &lt;topicref> pointing to the file
          <filepath>lcc_assessment.dita</filepath>, then use the copy-to attribute to specify a
        filename (starting with <filepath>lcc_assess_</filepath>), that uniquely identifies the
        copy. Add a &lt;navtitle> element that provides a lesson-specific title for the assessments
        introduction. </p>
      <codeblock>&lt;topicref href="../topics/lc_advanced.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="../topics/lc_more_advanced.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref href="../topics/lcc_assessment.dita" copy-to="lcc_advanced.dita" locktitle="yes">
   &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>Assessment for Advanced elements&lt;/navtitle>
   &lt;/topicmeta><b>&lt;topicref href="../topics/lcc_assessment.dita" copy-to="lcc_assess_basic.dita" locktitle="yes">
    &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;navtitle>Assessment for What is DITA?&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;/topicmeta>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_validtopic.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="assessments/lca_topicscope.dita"/>
    ...
  &lt;/topicref></b>
 &lt;/topicref>
 
...
  
 &lt;/map>
</codeblock>
      <p>Each assessment question goes into its own learningAssessment topic. It’s a good idea to
        include title text in assessment topics; the title is not displayed to the reader in the
        LMS, but helps you locate the assessment in the LMS. Each assessment requires a unique ID
        for the question type (lcSingleSelect in the following sample). This is not the same as the
        ID of the learningAssessment topic itself. </p>
      <codeblock>&lt;learningAssessment id="assessment_htp_t21_wr">
 &lt;title>&lt;/title>
 &lt;prolog>
  &lt;author>Sharon Burton&lt;/author>
  &lt;author href="http://www.scriptorium.com">Sarah O'Keefe, Scriptorium&lt;/author>
  &lt;critdates>
   &lt;created date="2015-04-28"/>
  &lt;/critdates>
 &lt;/prolog>
 &lt;learningAssessmentbody>
  &lt;lcInteraction>&lt;lcSingleSelect <b>id="topics3"</b>>
   &lt;lcQuestion>When creating a concept topic, you will often:&lt;/lcQuestion>
   &lt;lcAnswerOptionGroup>
   ...
   &lt;/lcAnswerOptionGroup>
  &lt;/lcSingleSelect>
  &lt;/lcInteraction>
 &lt;/learningAssessmentbody>
&lt;/learningAssessment></codeblock>
      <p>Make sure you do not overlap with other IDs in the modules. Consider a unique ID prefix for
        your learning assessment content (for example, your initials or something related to the
        content you are developing).</p>
      <p>
        <note type="caution">The ditatraining project is being published to LearningDITA.com.
          LearningDITA.com runs on WordPress and LearnDashLMS. Currently, LearnDashLMS does not
          support feedback at the answer option level (lcAnswerOption/lcFeedback). However,
          LearnDashLMS does support correct and incorrect feedback at the question level, so rather
          than using lcFeedback, use lcFeedbackIncorrect.</note>
      </p>
    </section>
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <link href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/spec/langRef-learningTraining.html"
   format="html" scope="external">
   <linktext>Learning and training elements in the DITA 1.2 specification</linktext>
  </link>
  <link href="http://oxygenxml.com/doc/m/dita1.2_spec/archSpec-learningTraining.html"
   scope="external" format="html">
   <linktext>Architectural specification for learning and training elements (oXygen WebHelp
    version)</linktext>
  </link>
 </related-links>
</concept>
