<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="content_vwq_jlh_rs">
    <title>The generic topic type</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author href="http://www.scriptorium.com" scope="external" format="html">Simon Bate,
            Scriptorium</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2015-07-13"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction>
            <p>All DITA topic types are based on a single generic topic type. The generic topic type
                is used as the basis to create the specific topic types. Many of the elements and
                organizations in the generic topic are also used by the specific topic types. </p>
            <p>All DITA topics have this general structure:  </p>
            <pre>&lt;topic id="sample">
   &lt;title>Topic title goes here&lt;/title>
   &lt;shortdesc>A short description&lt;/shortdesc>
   &lt;body>
        <i>(Most of the elements go here.)</i>
   &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic> </pre>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_wwr_1nh_rs">
                    <li>The &lt;shortdesc> (short description) element provides a 2-3 sentence
                        summary of the topic content.</li>
                    <li>The &lt;title> is the only required element in a topic.</li>
                    <li>The &lt;body> contains the bulk of the information in the topic. In the
                        specific topic types the body element has a related name, such as
                        &lt;conbody> for concepts and &lt;taskbody> for tasks.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note>Although you can use the generic topic type for authoring content, it’s much better
                to use one of the specific topic types, such as concept, task, and reference. </note>
            <p>There are other elements in the generic topic type, but these are the common
                ones.</p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
