<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<learningContent id="content_pgf_3gt_qt_allowed">
    <title>What can you filter?</title>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Simon Bate</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Jake Campbell</author>
        <author type="contributor" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Gretyl Kinsey</author>
        <critdates>
            <created golive="2016-12-01" date="2016-10-18"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <learningContentbody>
        <lcInstruction id="lcInstruction_rm4_vnq_rx">
            <p>The DITA filtering mechanism is quite powerful and flexible. You can use it to filter
                out almost any type of element in DITA topics and in DITA maps. </p>
            <p>In DITA topics, some of the elements you can filter are:<ul>
                    <li>sections</li>
                    <li>paragraphs</li>
                    <li>ordered and bulleted lists</li>
                    <li>list items</li>
                    <li>notes</li>
                    <li>tables</li>
                    <li>table rows</li>
                    <li>figures</li>
                    <li>images</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In DITA maps and bookmaps, some of the elements you can filter are: <ul>
                    <li>topic references</li>
                    <li>map references</li>
                    <li>key definitions</li>
                    <li>chapters and appendixes</li>
                    <li>frontmatter, backmatter, and their elements</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p><b>Where to be careful</b></p>
            <p>There are two areas where you need to exercise some caution in filtering: inline
                elements and elements that have required children.</p>
            <p>It is not a good idea to filter inline elements. This is mostly a localization
                concern. The previous course (<ph keyref="reuse_basic_url"/>) covered this to some
                degree: what makes sense in one language when it is filtered out might not make
                sense (or translate well) when it is presented in another language.</p>
            <p>You need to be careful when filtering elements that have required children, otherwise
                this might result in an invalid structure. If filtering removes required elements,
                it will result in an invalid topic. For example, if you add conditional attributes
                to all &lt;li> elements in an unordered list (&lt;ul>) and filtering removes them
                all, the empty &lt;ul> element will be invalid. Other elements that have required
                children include &lt;ol>, &lt;sl>, &lt;steps>, &lt;substeps>, &lt;properties>,
                &lt;table>, &lt;simpletable>. If you are not sure which child elements are required,
                check the <xref keyref="dita_13_url"/>. </p>
            <p><b>What you cannot filter</b></p>
            <p>There are a number of elements that cannot be filtered out. These include:<ul>
                    <li>topic titles</li>
                    <li>individual table &lt;entry> elements</li>
                    <li>step command (&lt;cmd>) elements </li>
                    <li>choicetable entries</li>
                </ul></p>
        </lcInstruction>
    </learningContentbody>
</learningContent>
