<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Training project hosted on      github.com. See the accompanying LICENSE file for      applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE learningContent PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Content//EN" "learningContent.dtd">
<learningContent id="lt-content-6076">
   <title>Reusing across topics</title>
   <shortdesc/>
   <prolog>
      <author type="creator" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Mike
         Rice</author>
      <author type="contributor" href="https://easydita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Annie
         Chen</author>
      <critdates>
         <created golive="2016-07-01" date="2016-05-11"/>
      </critdates>
   </prolog>
   <learningContentbody>
      <lcInstruction>
         <title>Instruction</title>
         <p>When publishing a topic that reuses content from another topic, the content references
            can be resolved only if the referenced elements are reachable through the publication
            map. For example: <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>If the topics containing the referenced element and referencing element are in
                     the same map then conrefs between those topics can be resolved through the
                     context of that map.</p>
               </li>
               <li>
                  <p>If the topics containing the referenced element and referencing element are in
                     separate maps but those maps are part of the overall map structure of the same
                     published map, the conrefs between those topics can be resolved through the
                     context of the publication map.</p>
               </li>
            </ul></p>
         <p>In a later lesson you’ll learn about best practices for reusing content. Among these
            practices is using warehouse topics - storing your reused content separately from the
            main body of content. </p>
         <p>Ordinarily, if a topic is included by a topicref in one of the maps, it will be
            published along with all the other topics. But clearly you wouldn’t want to publish a
            warehouse of reusable content along with your publication. To mark resources of this
            sort that aren’t intended for publication, set the topicref’s processing-role attribute
            to resource-only. </p>
         <p>In the following example, task.dita will be published, but warnings.dita will not.
            However, warnings.dita is available for resolving references from task.dita or any other
            topics in the map. </p>
         <p>
            <fig>
               <title>Using resource-only in the topicref processing-role attribute</title>
               <pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;map&gt;
... 
  &lt;topicref href="warehouse/warnings.dita" processing-role="resource-only"/&gt;
...
  &lt;topicref href="topics/task.dita"/&gt;
...
&lt;/map&gt;
		   </pre>
            </fig>
         </p>
         <p>
            <note type="note">When working in a component content management system, the system
               might resolve conrefs and other direct references that appear in a topic you’re
               viewing or editing, even without a common context set through a map. But, depending
               on your publishing configuration, those references might not resolve when the topic
               is published. The best practice is to have topics with the referenced element and
               referencing element in the same map or one of its submaps.</note>
         </p>
         <draft-comment author="gretyl">Add "Practice" section</draft-comment>
      </lcInstruction>
   </learningContentbody>
   <task id="task_at5_jgd_3v">
      <title>Practice</title>
      <taskbody/>
   </task>
</learningContent>
